ORA-00000 normal, successful completion

    Cause: An operation has completed normally, having met no exceptions.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-00001 unique constraint (string.string) violated

    Cause: An UPDATE or INSERT statement attempted to insert a duplicate key.

    Action: Either remove the unique restriction or do not insert the key.

ORA-00017 session requested to set trace event

    Cause: The current session was requested to set a trace event by another session.

    Action: This is used internally; no action is required.

ORA-00018 maximum number of sessions exceeded

    Cause: All session state objects are in use.

    Action: Increase the value of the SESSIONS initialization parameter.

ORA-00019 maximum number of session licenses exceeded

    Cause: All licenses are in use.

    Action: Increase the value of the LICENSE MAX SESSIONS initialization parameter.

ORA-00020 maximum number of processes (string) exceeded

    Cause: All process state objects are in use.

    Action: Increase the value of the PROCESSES initialization parameter.

ORA-00021 session attached to some other process; cannot switch session

    Cause: The user session is currently used by others.

    Action: Do not switch to a session attached to some other process.

ORA-00022 invalid session ID; access denied

    Cause: Either the session specified does not exist or the caller does not have the privilege to access it.

    Action: Specify a valid session ID that you have privilege to access, that is either you own it or you have the CHANGE_USER privilege.

ORA-00023 session references process private memory; cannot detach session

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach the current session when it contains references to process private memory.

    Action: A session may contain references to process memory (PGA) if it has an open network connection, a very large context area, or operating system privileges. To allow the detach, it may be necessary to close the session's database links and/or cursors. Detaching a session with operating system privileges is always disallowed.

ORA-00024 logins from more than one process not allowed in single-process mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to log in more than once from different processes for Oracle started in single-process mode.

    Action: Log off from the other process.

ORA-00025 failed to allocate string

    Cause: An application failed because Oracle ran out of memory.

    Action: Restart Oracle with a larger SGA heap.

ORA-00026 missing or invalid session ID

    Cause: The session ID string specified in the ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION command was invalid, or no string was specified.

    Action: Retry the command with a valid session ID.

ORA-00027 cannot kill current session

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION to kill the current session.

    Action: If it is necessary to kill the current session, do so from another session.

ORA-00028 your session has been killed

    Cause: A privileged user killed the session and it is no longer logged in to the database.

    Action: Contact the database administrator. The administrator may be attempting to perform an operation that requires users to be logged out. When the database administrator announces that the database is available, log in and resume work.

ORA-00029 session is not a user session

    Cause: The session ID specified in an ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION command was not a user session. For example, the session may be recursively started.

    Action: Retry the command with a valid session ID.

ORA-00030 User session ID does not exist.

    Cause: The user session ID no longer exists, probably because the session was logged out.

    Action: Use a valid session ID.

ORA-00031 session marked for kill

    Cause: The session specified in an ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION command cannot be killed immediately because the session is involved in a non-interruptible operation (for example, rolling back a transaction or being blocked by a network operation). The session has been marked to be killed as soon as possible after the current operation is done.

    Action: No action is required for the session to be killed, but further executions of the ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION command on this session may cause the session to be killed sooner.

ORA-00032 invalid session migration password

    Cause: The session migration password specified in a session creation call was invalid (probably too long).

    Action: Retry with a valid password (less than 30 characters).

ORA-00033 current session has empty migration password

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach or clone the current session and it has an empty migration password. This is not allowed.

    Action: Create the session with a non-empty migration password.

ORA-00034 cannot string in current PL/SQL session

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue a commit or rollback from a PL/SQL object (procedure, function, package) in a session that has this disabled by a ALTER SESSION DISABLE COMMIT IN PROCEDURE statement.

    Action: Enable commits from PL/SQL in this session, or do not attempt to use commit or rollback in PL/SQL when they are disabled in the current session.

ORA-00035 LICENSE_MAX_USERS cannot be less than current number of users

    Cause: Specified values for LICENSE_MAX_USERS is less than the current number of users.

    Action: Check the license limit and drop extra users or purchase more licenses.

ORA-00036 maximum number of recursive SQL levels (string) exceeded

    Cause: An attempt was made to go more than the specified number of recursive SQL levels.

    Action: Remove the recursive SQL, possibly a recursive trigger.

ORA-00037 cannot switch to a session belonging to a different server group

    Cause: An attempt was made to switch to a session in a different server group. This is not allowed.

    Action: Make sure the server switches to a session that belongs to its server group.

ORA-00038 Cannot create session: server group belongs to another user

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a non-migratable session in a server group that is owned by a different user.

    Action: A server group is owned by the first user who logs into a server in the server group in non-migratable mode. All subsequent non-migratable mode logins must be made by the user who owns the server group. To have a different user log in non-migratable mode, the ownership of the server group will have to be changed. This can be done by logging off all current sessions and detaching from all existing servers in the server group and then having the new user login to become the new owner.

ORA-00050 operating system error occurred while obtaining an enqueue

    Cause: Could not obtain the operating system resources necessary to cover an Oracle enqueue. This is normally the result of an operating system user quota that is too low.

    Action: Look up the operating system error in your system documentation and perform the needed action.

ORA-00051 timeout occurred while waiting for a resource

    Cause: This message is usually caused by an instance that has terminated abnormally.

    Action: Restart any non-recovered instances.

ORA-00052 maximum number of enqueue resources (string) exceeded

    Cause: Ran out of enqueue resources.

    Action: Increase the value of the ENQUEUE_RESOURCES initialization parameter.

ORA-00053 maximum number of enqueues exceeded

    Cause: Ran out of enqueue state objects.

    Action: Increase the value of the ENQUEUES initialization parameter.

ORA-00054 resource busy and acquire with NOWAIT specified

    Cause: The NOWAIT keyword forced a return to the command prompt because a resource was unavailable for a LOCK TABLE or SELECT FOR UPDATE command.

    Action: Try the command after a few minutes or enter the command without the NOWAIT keyword.

ORA-00055 maximum number of DML locks exceeded

    Cause: Ran out of DML lock state objects.

    Action: Increase the value of the DML_LOCKS initialization parameter and restart Oracle.

ORA-00056 DDL lock on object 'string.string' is already held in an incompatible mode

    Cause: The attempted lock is incompatible with the DDL lock already held on the object. This happens if you attempt to drop a table that has parse locks.

    Action: Before attempting to drop a table, check that it has no parse locks. Wait a few minutes before retrying the operation.

ORA-00057 maximum number of temporary table locks exceeded

    Cause: The number of temporary tables equals or exceeds the number of temporary table locks. Temporary tables are often created by large sorts.

    Action: Increase the value of the TEMPORARY_TABLE_LOCKS initialization parameter and restart Oracle.

ORA-00058 DB_BLOCK_SIZE must be string to mount this database (not string)

    Cause: The value of the DB_BLOCK_SIZE initialization parameter used to start this database does not match the value used when that database was created. Potential reasons for this mismatch are:

        * mounting the wrong database
        * using the wrong initialization parameter file
        * the value of the DB_BLOCK_SIZE parameter was changed

    Action: For one of the above causes, either:

        * mount the correct database
        * use the correct initialization parameter file
        * correct the value of the DB_BLOCK_SIZE parameter


ORA-00059 maximum number of DB_FILES exceeded

    Cause: The value of the DB_FILES initialization parameter was exceeded.

    Action: Increase the value of the DB_FILES parameter and restart Oracle.

ORA-00060 deadlock detected while waiting for resource

    Cause: Your session and another session are waiting for a resource locked by the other. This condition is known as a deadlock. To resolve the deadlock, one or more statements were rolled back for the other session to continue work.

    Action: Either:

        * Enter a ROLLBACK statement and re-execute all statements since the last commit or
        * Wait until the lock is released, possibly a few minutes, and then re-execute the rolled back statements.


ORA-00061 another instance has a different DML_LOCKS setting

    Cause: The shared instance being started is using DML locks, and the running instances are not, or vice-versa.

    Action: Either:

        * Do not use DML_LOCKS by setting DML_LOCKS to zero at all instances or
        * Use DML_LOCKS by setting DML_LOCKS to a positive integer at all instances.


ORA-00062 DML full-table lock cannot be acquired; DML_LOCKS is 0

    Cause: The instance was started with the value of DML_LOCKS set to zero, and the statement being executed needs a full-table lock (S, X, or SSX).

    Action: Restart the instance with DML_LOCKS not equal to zero, and re-execute the statement.

ORA-00063 maximum number of LOG_FILES exceeded

    Cause: The value of the LOG_FILES initialization parameter was exceeded.

    Action: Increase the value of the LOG_FILES initialization parameter and restart Oracle. The value of the parameter needs to be as large as the highest number of log files that currently exist rather than just the count of logs that exist.

ORA-00064 object is too large to allocate on this O/S (string,string)

    Cause: An initialization parameter was set to a value that required allocating more contiguous space than can be allocated on this operating system.

    Action: Reduce the value of the initialization parameter.

ORA-00065 initialization of FIXED_DATE failed

    Cause: The FIXED_DATE string was not in date format yyyy-mm-dd:hh24:mi:ss.

    Action: Make sure the initialization parameter is in the correct date format.

ORA-00066 LOG_FILES is string but needs to be string to be compatible

    Cause: The maximum number of log files supported by this instance is not the same as for the other instances. All instances must be able to open all the files any instance can open.

    Action: Change the value of the LOG_FILES initialization parameter to be compatible.

ORA-00067 invalid value string for parameter string; must be at least string

    Cause: The value for the initialization parameter is invalid.

    Action: Choose a value as indicated by the message.

ORA-00068 invalid value string for parameter string, must be between string and string

    Cause: The value for the initialization parameter is invalid.

    Action: Choose a value as indicated by the message.

ORA-00069 cannot acquire lock -- table locks disabled for string

    Cause: A command was issued that tried to lock the table indicated in the message. Examples of commands that can lock tables are: LOCK TABLE, ALTER TABLE... ADD (...), and so on.

    Action: Use the ALTER TABLE... ENABLE TABLE LOCK command, and retry the command.

ORA-00070 command string is not valid

    Cause: An invalid debugger command was specified.

    Action: Type HELP to see the list of available commands.

ORA-00071 process number must be between 1 and string

    Cause: An invalid process number was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid process number.

ORA-00072 process "string" is not active

    Cause: An invalid process was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid process.

ORA-00073 command string takes between string and string argument(s)

    Cause: An incorrect number of arguments was specified.

    Action: Specify the correct number of arguments. Type HELP to see the list of commands and their syntax.

ORA-00074 no process has been specified

    Cause: No debug process has been specified.

    Action: Specify a valid process.

ORA-00075 process "string" not found in this instance

    Cause: The specified process was not logged on to the current instance.

    Action: Specify a valid process.

ORA-00076 dump string not found

    Cause: An attempt was made to invoke a dump that does not exist.

    Action: Type DUMPLIST to see the list of available dumps.

ORA-00077 dump string is not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to invoke an invalid dump.

    Action: Try another dump.

ORA-00078 cannot dump variables by name

    Cause: An attempt was made to dump a variable by name on a system that does not support this feature.

    Action: Try the PEEK command.

ORA-00079 variable string not found

    Cause: An attempt was made to dump a variable that does not exist.

    Action: Use a valid variable name.

ORA-00080 invalid global area specified by level string

    Cause: An attempt was made to dump an invalid global area.

    Action: Use level 1 for the PGA, 2 for the SGA, and 3 for the UGA. Use extra + level to dump global area level as well as extra bytes for every pointer; extra must be a multiple of 4.

ORA-00081 address range [string, string) is not readable

    Cause: An attempt was made to read/write an invalid memory address range.

    Action: Try another address or length.

ORA-00082 memory size of string is not in valid set of [1], [2], [4]stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: An invalid length was specified for the POKE command.

    Action: Use a valid length (either 1, 2, 4, or possibly 8).

ORA-00083 warning: possibly corrupt SGA mapped

    Cause: Even though there may be SGA corruptions, the SGA was mapped.

    Action: Use the DUMPSGA command to dump the SGA.

ORA-00084 global area must be PGA, SGA, or UGA

    Cause: An attempt was made to dump an invalid global area.

    Action: Specify either PGA, SGA, or UGA.

ORA-00085 current call does not exist

    Cause: An invalid attempt was made to dump the current call heap.

    Action: Wait until the process starts a call.

ORA-00086 user call does not exist

    Cause: An invalid attempt was made to dump the user call heap.

    Action: Wait until the process starts a call.

ORA-00087 command cannot be executed on remote instance

    Cause: Cluster database command issued for non cluster database ORADEBUG command.

    Action: Issue the command without the cluster database syntax.

ORA-00088 command cannot be executed by shared server

    Cause: A debug command was issued on a shared server.

    Action: Reissue the command using a dedicated server.

ORA-00089 invalid instance number in ORADEBUG command

    Cause: An invalid instance number was specified in a cluster database ORADEBUG command.

    Action: Reissue the command with valid instance numbers.

ORA-00090 failed to allocate memory for cluster database ORADEBUG command

    Cause: Could not allocate memory needed to execute cluster database oradebug.

    Action: Reissue the command on each instance with single-instance ORADEBUG.

ORA-00091 LARGE_POOL_SIZE must be at least string

    Cause: The value of LARGE_POOL_SIZE is below the minimum size.

    Action: Increase the value of LARGE_POOL_SIZE past the minimum size.

ORA-00092 LARGE_POOL_SIZE must be greater than LARGE_POOL_MIN_ALLOC

    Cause: The value of LARGE_POOL_SIZE is less than the value of LARGE_POOL_MIN_ALLOC.

    Action: Increase the value of LARGE_POOL_SIZE past the value of LARGE_POOL_MIN_ALLOC.

ORA-00093 string must be between string and string

    Cause: The parameter value is not in a valid range.

    Action: Modify the parameter value to be within the specified range.

ORA-00094 string requires an integer value

    Cause: The parameter value is not an integer.

    Action: Modify the parameter value to be an integer.

ORA-00096 invalid value string for parameter string, must be from among string

    Cause: The value for the initialization parameter is invalid.

    Action: Choose a value as indicated by the message.

ORA-00097 use of Oracle SQL feature not in SQL92 string Level

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an Oracle SQL feature that is not compliant with the SQL92 standard.

    Action: Do not use the feature or use the ALTER SESSION SET FLAGGER command to set the appropriate level of SQL92 compliance.

ORA-00099 timed out while waiting for resource, potential PDML deadlock

    Cause: The resource needed by the transaction was busy. The PDML transaction could not acquire the resource within the specified amount of time. This indicates potential deadlock involving this PDML transaction and other transactions currently running in the system.

    Action: Increase the value of the PARALLEL_TRANSACTION_RESOURCE_TIMEOUT parameter; then retry the operation.

ORA-00100 no data found

    Cause: An application made a reference to unknown or inaccessible data.

    Action: Handle this condition within the application or make appropriate modifications to the application code.

ORA-00101 invalid specification for system parameter DISPATCHERS

    Cause: The syntax for the DISPATCHERS initialization parameter is incorrect.

    Action: Enter the DISPATCHERS initialization parameter into the initialization parameter file with the correct syntax and then shut down and restart the instance.

ORA-00102 network protocol string cannot be used by dispatchers

    Cause: The network specified in DISPATCHERS does not have the functionality required by the dispatchers.

    Action: Refer to your Oracle operating system-specific documentation for network protocols supported by the dispatchers.

ORA-00103 invalid network protocol; reserved for use by dispatchers

    Cause: The network specified in the Net8 connect string is reserved for use by the dispatchers.

    Action: Specify other network protocols in the connection string.

ORA-00104 deadlock detected; all public servers blocked waiting for resources

    Cause: All available public servers are servicing requests that require resources locked by a client which is unable to get a public server to release the resources.

    Action: Increase the limit for the system parameter MAX_SHARED_SERVERS as the system will automatically start new servers to break the deadlock until the number of servers reaches the value specified in MAX_SHARED_SERVERS.

ORA-00105 dispatching mechanism not configured for network protocol string

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter the dispatcher's configuration for a network protocol that was not specified in the initialization parameter file.

    Action: Do one of the following:

        * Include the network protocol in the definition for the DISPATCHERS initialization parameter and restart the system.
        * Use the ALTER SYSTEM SET DISPATCHERS statement with a network protocol that exists in the initialization parameter file.


ORA-00106 cannot startup/shutdown database when connected to a dispatcher

    Cause: An attempt was made to start or shut down an instance while connected to a shared server via a dispatcher.

    Action: Reconnect as user INTERNAL without going through the dispatcher. For most cases, this can be done by connect to INTERNAL without specifying a network connect string.

ORA-00107 failed to connect to ORACLE listener process

    Cause: Most likely due to the fact that the network listener process has not been started.

    Action: Check for the following:

        * The network configuration file is not set up correctly.
        * The client side address is not specified correctly.
        * The listener initialization parameter file is not set up correctly.


ORA-00108 failed to set up dispatcher to accept connection asynchronously

    Cause: The network protocol used by the dispatcher does not support asynchronous operations.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00111 not all servers started because number of servers is limited to string

    Cause: An attempt was made to start more servers than the maximum number specified by the system parameter MAX_SHARED_SERVERS.

    Action: Increase the value of the MAX_SHARED_SERVERS initialization parameter as needed or re-issue the ALTER SYSTEM SET SHARED_SERVERS statement with an appropriate number of servers.

ORA-00112 only created up to string (maximum specified) dispatchers

    Cause: An attempt was made to start more dispatchers than the maximum number specified by the system parameter MAX_DISPATCHERS.

    Action: Increase the value of the MAX_DISPATCHERS initialization parameter as needed.

ORA-00113 protocol name string is too long

    Cause: A protocol name specified in the DISPATCHERS initialization parameter is too long.

    Action: Use a valid protocol name for the DISPATCHERS value.

ORA-00114 missing value for system parameter SERVICE_NAMES

    Cause: No value was specified for the SERVICE_NAMES initialization parameter, nor for the DB_NAME parameter.

    Action: Add an SERVICE_NAMES or DB_NAME definition to the initialization parameter file. By default, SERVICE_NAMES is the value of DB_NAME unless SERVICE_NAMES is explicitly specified.

ORA-00115 connection refused; dispatcher connection table is full

    Cause: A connection request was refused by a dispatcher because the dispatcher cannot support any more connections.

    Action: Connect to a different dispatcher or use a dedicated server.

ORA-00116 SERVICE_NAMES name is too long

    Cause: The service name specified in the SERVICE_NAMES initialization parameter is too long.

    Action: Use a shorter name for the SERVICE_NAMES value (less than or equal to 255 characters).

ORA-00117 value out of range for system parameter SHARED_SERVERS

    Cause: The specified value of the SHARED_SERVERS initialization parameter is incorrect.

    Action: SHARED_SERVERS must be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to the value of MAX_SHARED_SERVERS.

ORA-00118 value out of range for system parameter DISPATCHERS

    Cause: The value of the DISPATCHERS parameter is incorrect.

    Action: The sum of all DISPATCHERS values must be greater than or equal to 0 and less than or equal to the value of MAX_DISPATCHERS.

ORA-00119 invalid specification for system parameter string

    Cause: The syntax for the specified parameter is incorrect.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i Database Reference for the correct syntax.

ORA-00120 dispatching mechanism not enabled or installed

    Cause: Either the dispatching mechanism was not enabled or the Oracle executable image was not installed with the dispatching mechanism.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide and your operating system-specific documentation for procedures for starting and configuring the dispatcher process.

ORA-00121 SHARED_SERVERS specified without DISPATCHERS

    Cause: A definition for SHARED_SERVERS was specified in the initialization parameter file, but no definition for DISPATCHERS was specified. Without a value for DISPATCHERS, shared servers will never be used.

    Action: Add a definition for DISPATCHERS in the initialization parameter file (or remove the definition for SHARED_SERVERS, if shared servers are not being used).

ORA-00122 cannot initialize network configuration

    Cause: Oracle could not initialize Net8.

    Action: See accompanying messages.

ORA-00123 idle public server terminating

    Cause: Too many idle servers were waiting on the common queue.

    Action: This error is used internally, no action is required.

ORA-00124 DISPATCHERS specified without MAX_SHARED_SERVERS

    Cause: A definition for DISPATCHERS was specified in the initialization parameter file, but MAX_SHARED_SERVERS was specified as zero.

    Action: Specify MAX_SHARED_SERVERS to be greater than zero.

ORA-00125 connection refused; invalid presentation

    Cause: The PRESENTATION in the CONNECT_DATA of the TNS address DESCRIPTION is not correct or is not supported.

    Action: Correct the PRESENTATION specified in the TNS address.

ORA-00126 connection refused; invalid duplicity

    Cause: The DUPLICITY in the CONNECT_DATA of the TNS address DESCRIPTION is not correct or is not supported.

    Action: Correct the DUPLICITY specified in the TNS address.

ORA-00127 dispatcher string does not exist

    Cause: There is currently no dispatcher running with the specified name.

    Action: Retry with a name of the form "D###" denoting an existing dispatcher process.

ORA-00128 this command requires a dispatcher name

    Cause: Wrong syntax for ALTER SYSTEM SHUTDOWN.

    Action: Use correct syntax:

    ALTER SYSTEM SHUTDOWN [ IMMEDIATE ] 'dispatcher name'



ORA-00129 listener address validation failed 'string'

    Cause: An error was encountered while validating the listener address.

    Action: Resolve the error or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00130 invalid listener address 'string'

    Cause: The listener address specification is not valid.

    Action: Make sure that all fields in the listener address (protocol, port, host, key, ...) are correct.

ORA-00131 network protocol does not support registration 'string'

    Cause: The specified protocol does not support async notification.

    Action: Refer to the manual for information on supported network protocols.

ORA-00132 syntax error or unresolved network name 'string'

    Cause: Listener address has syntax error or cannot be resolved.

    Action: If a network name is specified, check that it corresponds to an entry in TNSNAMES.ORA or other address repository as configured for your system. Make sure that the entry is syntactically correct.

ORA-00150 duplicate transaction ID

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a new transaction with an ID already in use by an existing transaction.

    Action: Check your application.

ORA-00151 invalid transaction ID

    Cause: The specified transaction ID does not correspond to an existing valid transaction.

    Action: Check your application.

ORA-00152 current session does not match requested session

    Cause: The current session is not the same as the session that was passed into a UPIXADO() call.

    Action: Check your application.

ORA-00153 internal error in XA library

    Cause: The XA library could not access thread-specific pointers.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00154 protocol error in transaction monitor

    Cause: The transaction monitor returned TMJOIN on an AX_REG call but the transaction was locally suspended.

    Action: Contact the transaction monitor customer support.

ORA-00155 cannot perform work outside of global transaction

    Cause: The application tried to perform some work on either an Oracle 7.3 server or an Oracle8 server with local transactions disabled while outside of a global transaction.

    Action: Check if the application is connected to an Oracle 7.3 server. The Transaction monitor must not return a NULL XID on an AX_REG call when the resource manager is Oracle 7.3. If the application is connected to an Oracle8 server, either set nolocal=f in the xa_open string or start a global transaction prior to attempting the work.

ORA-00160 global transaction length string is greater than maximum (string)

    Cause: An external global transaction ID with a too large length field was passed in.

    Action: Report the problem to your external transaction coordinator vendor.

ORA-00161 transaction branch length string is illegal (maximum allowed string)

    Cause: An external transaction branch ID with a length either too large or 0 was passed in.

    Action: Report the problem to your external transaction coordinator vendor.

ORA-00162 external dbid length string is greater than maximum (string)

    Cause: An external database name with too large a length field was passed in.

    Action: Report the problem to your external transaction coordinator vendor.

ORA-00163 internal database name length string is greater than maximum (string)

    Cause: An internal database name with a too large length field was passed in.

    Action: Report the problem to your external transaction coordinator vendor.

ORA-00164 distributed autonomous transaction disallowed within migratable distributed transaction

    Cause: A request was made by the application to start a distributed autonomous transaction when the application was in a migratable distributed transaction.

    Action: Roll back or commit the current distributed transaction first.

ORA-00165 migratable distributed autonomous transaction with remote operation is not allowed

    Cause: A request was made by the application to start a migratable distributed autonomous transaction with remote operation.

ORA-00200 controlfile could not be created

    Cause: It was not possible to create the control file.

    Action: Check that there is sufficient disk space and no conflicts in file names and try to create the control file again.

ORA-00201 controlfile version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: The control file was created by incompatible software.

    Action: Either restart with a compatible software release or use CREATE CONTROLFILE to create a new control file that is compatible with this release.

ORA-00202 controlfile: 'string'

    Cause: This message reports the name file involved in other messages.

    Action: See associated error messages for a description of the problem.

ORA-00203 using the wrong controlfiles

    Cause: The mount ID in the control file is not the same as the mount ID in the control file used by the first instance to mount this database. The control files are for the same database but they are not the same files. Most likely one instance is using a backup control file.

    Action: Check that the correct control files were specified.

ORA-00204 error in reading (block string, # blocks string) of controlfile

    Cause: A disk I/O failure was detected on reading the control file.

    Action: Check that the disk is online. If it is not, bring it online and shut down and restart Oracle. If it is online, then look for operating system reasons for Oracle's inability to read the disk or control file. See the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for information on recovering from the loss of a control file. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-00205 error in identifying controlfile, check alert log for more info

    Cause: The system could not find a control file of the specified name and size.

    Action: One of the following:

        * Check that the proper control file name is referenced in the CONTROL_FILES initialization parameter in the initialization parameter file and try again.
        * When using mirrored control files, that is, more than one control file is referenced in the initialization parameter file, remove the control file name listed in the message from the initialization parameter file and restart the instance. If the message does not recur, remove the problem control file from the initialization parameter file and create another copy of the control file with a new file name in the initialization parameter file.


ORA-00206 error in writing (block string, # blocks string) of controlfile

    Cause: A disk I/O failure was detected on writing to the control file.

    Action: Check that the disk is online. If it is not, bring it online and shut down and restart Oracle. If it is online, then look for operating system reasons for Oracle's inability to write to the disk or control file. See the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for information on recovering from the loss of a control file. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-00207 controlfiles are not for the same database

    Cause: The database ID in the control file is not the same as the database ID in the control file used by the first instance to mount this database. Most likely one of the mounts used the wrong control file or there are two databases with the same name.

    Action: Check that the control file is for the correct database and is not an old version. When using multiplexed control files, that is, more than one control file is referenced in the initialization parameter file, remove the control file name listed in the message from the initialization parameter file and restart the instance. If the message does not recur, remove the problem control file from the initialization parameter file and create another copy of the control file using a new file name in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-00208 number of controlfile names exceeds limit of string

    Cause: An attempt was made to use more control files than Oracle supports.

    Action: Shut down Oracle. Reduce the number of control files specified in the CONTROL_FILES parameter in the initialization parameter file, and restart Oracle. Delete unused files.

ORA-00209 control file blocksize mismatch, check alert log for more info

    Cause: The block size in the control file header does not match the size specified in the DB_BLOCK_SIZE parameter.

    Action: Reduce the block size to the amount specified in the message and try again.

ORA-00210 cannot open the specified controlfile

    Cause: Cannot open the control file.

    Action: Check to make sure the control file exists and is not locked by some other program.

ORA-00211 controlfile does not match previous controlfiles

    Cause: A control file was specified that belongs to another database.

    Action: Find and install the correct control file.

ORA-00212 block size string below minimum required size of string bytes

    Cause: The block size specified was too small. Space for the system overhead is required.

    Action: Specify a larger block size and retry the operation.

ORA-00213 cannot reuse controlfile; old file size string, string required

    Cause: To reuse a control file, it must be the same size as the one previously used.

    Action: Either do not specify REUSE, or specify a matching combination of MAXDATAFILES, MAXLOGFILES, MAXLOGMEMBERS, MAXLOGHISTORY, and MAXINSTANCES clauses in the CREATE DATABASE or CREATE CONTROLFILE statement.

ORA-00214 controlfile 'string' version string inconsistent with file 'string' version string

    Cause: An inconsistent set of control files, datafiles, and redo log files was used.

    Action: Use a consistent set of control files, datafiles, and redo log files. That is, all the files must be for the same database and from the same time period.

ORA-00215 must be at least one controlfile

    Cause: No control file is specified or the control file specified does not exist.

    Action: Specify at least one valid control file and retry the operation.

ORA-00216 controlfile could not be resized for migration from 8.0.2

    Cause: Control files created by release 8.0.2 were missing some records. These records are automatically added by resizing the control file when attempting to run a later release. The resize failed.

    Action: Look in the alert log for the reason that the resize failed. If it can be fixed by giving the control file more space, then do that. Otherwise, use the CREATE CONTROLFILE script dumped to the trace file to create a new control file.

ORA-00217 controlfile could not be resized for migration from 9.0.1

    Cause: Controlfiles created by release 9.0.1 were missing some records. These records are automatically added by resizing the controlfile when attempting to run a later release. The resize failed.

    Action: Look in the alert log for the reason the resize failed. If it can be fixed by giving the controlfile more space, then do that. Otherwise, use the CREATE CONTROLFILE script dumpped to the trace file to create a new controlfile.

ORA-00218 block size string of controlfile does not match DB_BLOCK_SIZE (string)

    Cause: The block size as stored in the control file header is different from the value of the initialization parameter DB_BLOCK_SIZE. This might be due to an incorrect setting of DB_BLOCK_SIZE, or else might indicate that the control file has either been corrupted or belongs to a different database.

    Action: Restore a good copy of the control file.

ORA-00219 required controlfile size string exceeds maximum allowable size string

    Cause: An invocation of CREATE DATABASE, CREATE CONTROLFILE, cfileCalcSizeList, or cfileCalcSizeArray was executed specifying a combination of parameters that would require the control file size in blocks to exceed the maximum allowable value.

    Action: In the case of CREATE DATABASE or CREATE CONTROLFILE, use a different combination of MAXDATAFILES, MAXLOGFILES, MAXLOGMEMBERS, MAXLOGHISTORY, and MAXINSTANCES clauses. In the case of cfileCalcSizeList() or cfileCalcSizeArray(), use a different combination of record type counts.

ORA-00220 controlfile not mounted by first instance, check alert log for more info

    Cause: The specified control file has a different mount ID than the other control files that are being mounted. This means that the first instance to mount the database did not use this control file.

    Action: Find and install the correct control file.

ORA-00221 error on write to controlfile

    Cause: An error occurred when writing to one or more of the control files.

    Action: See accompanying messages.

ORA-00222 operation would reuse name of a currently mounted controlfile

    Cause: The file name supplied as a parameter to the ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE command or to cfileSetSnapshotName matches the name of the specified currently mounted control file.

    Action: Retry the operation with a different file name.

ORA-00223 convert file is invalid or incorrect version

    Cause: An Oracle7 to Oracle8 convert file contains invalid data or was created with an different version of the migration utility. This error can also be caused by incorrect ORACLE_HOME environment variable when the ALTER DATABASE CONVERT command is issued.

    Action: Use a correct version of the convert file or regenerate it with the migration utility. Make sure that the migration utility is the same version as the Oracle8 RDBMS executable and that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable is properly set.

ORA-00224 controlfile resize attempted with illegal record type (string)

    Cause: An attempt was made to expand or shrink the control file by calling cfileResizeSection using an invalid value for the RECORD_TYPE parameter.

    Action: Use a value for the RECORD_TYPE parameter that specifies a valid record type other than type 0 (valid range is 1 to 16).

ORA-00225 expected size string of controlfile differs from actual size string

    Cause: The expected size of the control file as stored in its header was different than the actual operating system file size. This usually indicates that the control file was corrupted.

    Action: Restore a good copy of the control file.

ORA-00226 operation disallowed while alternate controlfile open

    Cause: The attempted operation could not be executed at this time because this process had an alternate control file open for fixed table access.

    Action: Retry the operation after calling cfileUseCurrent.

ORA-00227 corrupt block detected in controlfile: (block string, # blocks string)

    Cause: A block header corruption or checksum error was detected on reading the control file.

    Action: Use the CREATE CONTROLFILE or RECOVER DATABASE USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE command.

ORA-00228 length of alternate controlfile name exceeds maximum of string

    Cause: The specified file name, which was supplied as a parameter to cfileSetSnapshotName or cfileUseCopy, exceeds the maximum file name length for this operating system.

    Action: Retry the operation with a shorter file name.

ORA-00229 operation disallowed: already hold snapshot controlfile enqueue

    Cause: The attempted operation cannot be executed at this time because this process currently holds the snapshot control file enqueue.

    Action: Retry the operation after calling cfileUseCurrent to release the snapshot control file enqueue.

ORA-00230 operation disallowed: snapshot controlfile enqueue unavailable

    Cause: The attempted operation cannot be executed at this time because another process currently holds the snapshot control file enqueue.

    Action: Retry the operation after the concurrent operation that is holding the snapshot control file enqueue terminates.

ORA-00231 snapshot controlfile has not been named

    Cause: During an invocation of cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot or cfileUseSnapshot, it was detected that no file name for the snapshot control file had previously been specified.

    Action: Specify a name for the snapshot control file by calling cfileSetSnapshotName.

ORA-00232 snapshot controlfile is nonexistent, corrupt, or unreadable

    Cause: The snapshot control file was found to be non-existent, corrupt, or unreadable during an invocation of cfileUseSnapshot.

    Action: Call cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot again (or for the first time).

ORA-00233 copy controlfile is corrupt or unreadable

    Cause: The specified copy control file was found to be corrupt or unreadable during an invocation of cfileUseCopy.

    Action: Before retrying cfileUseCopy, use the ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE command and specify the same file name that was specified for cfileUseCopy.

ORA-00234 error in identifying or opening snapshot or copy controlfile

    Cause: A snapshot or copy control file of the specified name could not be found or opened during an invocation of cfileUseSnapshot, cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot, or cfileUseCopy.

    Action: Re-create the snapshot or copy control file using cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot or ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE, respectively.

ORA-00235 controlfile fixed table inconsistent due to concurrent update

    Cause: Concurrent update activity on a control file caused a query on a control file fixed table to read inconsistent information.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-00236 snapshot operation disallowed: mounted controlfile is a backup

    Cause: Attempting to invoke cfileSetSnapshotName, cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot, or cfileUseSnapshot when the currently mounted control file is a backup control file.

    Action: Mount a current control file and retry the operation.

ORA-00237 snapshot operation disallowed: controlfile newly created

    Cause: An attempt to invoke cfileMakeAndUseSnapshot with a currently mounted control file that was newly created with CREATE CONTROLFILE was made.

    Action: Mount a current control file and retry the operation.

ORA-00238 operation would reuse a filename that is part of the database

    Cause: The file name supplied as a parameter to the ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE command or to cfileSetSnapshotName matches the name of a file that is currently part of the database.

    Action: Retry the operation with a different file name.

ORA-00250 archiver not started

    Cause: An attempt was made to stop automatic archiving, but the archiver process was not running.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-00251 LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST cannot be the same destination as string string

    Cause: The destination specified by the LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameter is the same as the destination specified by an ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO command.

    Action: Specify a different destination for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST, or specify a different destination with the ALTER SYSTEM command.

ORA-00252 log string of thread string is empty, cannot archive

    Cause: A log must be used for redo generation before it can be archived. The specified redo log was not been used since it was introduced to the database. However, it is possible that the instance died during a log switch and the log was empty.

    Action: Empty logs do not need to be archived. Do not attempt to archive the redo log file.

ORA-00253 character limit string exceeded by archive destination string string

    Cause: The destination specified by an ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO command was too long.

    Action: Retry the ALTER SYSTEM command using a string shorter than the limit specified in the error message.

ORA-00254 error in archive control string 'string'

    Cause: The specified archive log location is invalid in the archive command or the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST initialization parameter.

    Action: Check the archive string used to make sure it refers to a valid online device.

ORA-00255 error archiving log string of thread string, sequence # string

    Cause: An error occurred during archiving.

    Action: Check the accompanying message stack for more detailed information. If the online log is corrupted, then the log can be cleared using the UNARCHIVED option. This will make any existing backups useless for recovery to any time after the log was created, but will allow the database to generate redo.

ORA-00256 cannot translate archive destination string string

    Cause: The destination specified by an ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO command could not be translated.

    Action: Check the accompanying message stack for more detailed information. Then, retry the ALTER SYSTEM command using a different string.

ORA-00257 archiver error. Connect internal only, until freed.

    Cause: The archiver process received an error while trying to archive a redo log. If the problem is not resolved soon, the database will stop executing transactions. The most likely cause of this message is the destination device is out of space to store the redo log file.

    Action: Check the archiver trace file for a detailed description of the problem. Also, verify that the device specified in the initialization parameter ARCHIVE_LOG_DEST is set up properly for archiving.

ORA-00258 manual archiving in NOARCHIVELOG mode must identify log

    Cause: The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and a command to manually archive a log did not specify the log explicitly by sequence number, group number or file name.

    Action: Specify the log by file name, by group number or by thread and sequence number.

ORA-00259 log string of open thread string is the current log, cannot archive

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the current log of an open thread. This is not allowed because the redo log file may still be in use for the generation of redo entries.

    Action: Force a log switch in the instance where the thread is open. If no instances are open, open the database so that instance recovery can recover the thread.

ORA-00260 cannot find online log sequence string for thread string

    Cause: The log sequence number supplied in the ARCHIVE statement does not match any of the online logs for the thread. This can result from any of the following situations:

        * The log might have been reused for another sequence number.
        * The log might have been dropped.
        * The sequence number might be greater than the current log sequence number.
        * The thread might not have any logs.

    Action: Check the ARCHIVE statement, then specify a valid log sequence number. Specify a valid log sequence number.

ORA-00261 log string of thread string is being archived or modified

    Cause: The log is either being archived by another process or an administrative command is modifying the log. Operations that modify the log include clearing, adding a member, dropping a member, renaming a member, and dropping the log.

    Action: Wait for the current operation to complete and try again.

ORA-00262 current log string of closed thread string cannot switch

    Cause: The log cannot be cleared or manually archived because it is the current log of a closed thread, and it is not possible to switch logs so another log is current. All other logs for the thread need to be archived, or cleared, and cannot be reused.

    Action: Archive another log in the same thread first, or complete the clearing. See attached errors for the reason the switch cannot be completed.

ORA-00263 there are no logs that need archiving for thread string

    Cause: An attempt was made to manually archive the unarchived logs in this thread but no logs needed archiving.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-00264 no recovery required

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform media recovery on files that do not need any type of recovery.

    Action: Do not attempt to perform media recovery on the selected files. Check to see that the file names were entered properly. If not, retry the command with the proper file names.

ORA-00265 instance recovery required, cannot set ARCHIVELOG mode

    Cause: The database either crashed or was shut down with the ABORT option. Media recovery cannot be enabled because the online logs may not be sufficient to recover the current datafiles.

    Action: Open the database and then enter the SHUTDOWN command with the NORMAL or IMMEDIATE option.

ORA-00266 name of archived log file needed

    Cause: During media recovery, the name of an archived redo log file was requested, but no name was entered.

    Action: Mount the correct redo log file and enter its name when it is requested.

ORA-00267 name of archived log file not needed

    Cause: During media recovery, the name of an archived redo log file was entered, but no name was requested.

    Action: Continue media recovery, but do not enter a new log name.

ORA-00268 specified log file does not exist 'string'

    Cause: The given redo log file does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling and capitalization of the file name and retry the command.

ORA-00269 specified log file is part of thread string not string

    Cause: The given redo log file is not part of the given thread.

    Action: Check that the thread of the redo log file matches the thread on the command line. If not, use a redo log file from the appropriate thread. Retry the command after correcting the error.

ORA-00270 error creating archive log string

    Cause: An error was encountered when either creating or opening the destination file for archiving.

    Action: Check that the archive destination is valid and that there is sufficient space on the destination device.

ORA-00271 there are no logs that need archiving

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the unarchived redo log files manually, but there are no files that need to be archived.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-00272 error writing archive log string

    Cause: An I/O error occurred while archiving a redo log file.

    Action: Check that the output device is still available and correct any device errors that may have occurred. Also, make certain that sufficient space for archiving is available on the output device.

ORA-00273 media recovery of direct load data that was not logged

    Cause: A media recovery session encountered a table that was loaded by the direct loader without logging any redo information. Some or all of the blocks in this table are now marked as corrupt.

    Action: The table must be dropped or truncated so that the corrupted blocks can be reused. If a more recent backup of the file is available, try to recover this file to eliminate this error.

ORA-00274 illegal recovery option string

    Cause: An illegal option was specified for a recovery command.

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry the command.

ORA-00275 media recovery has already been started

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a second media recovery operation in the same session.

    Action: Complete or cancel the first media recovery session or start another session to perform media recovery.

ORA-00276 CHANGE keyword specified but no change number given

    Cause: The CHANGE keyword was specified on the command line, but no change number was given.

    Action: Retry the command using a valid change number after the CHANGE keyword.

ORA-00277 illegal option to the UNTIL recovery flag string

    Cause: Only CANCEL, CHANGE and TIME can be used with the UNTIL keyword.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00278 log file 'string' no longer needed for this recovery

    Cause: The specified redo log file is no longer needed for the current recovery.

    Action: No action is required. The archived redo log file may be removed from its current location to conserve disk space, if needed. However, the redo log file may still be required for another recovery session in the future.

ORA-00279 change string generated at string needed for thread string

    Cause: The requested log is required to proceed with recovery.

    Action: Supply the requested log with ALTER DATABASE RECOVER LOGFILE filename or cancel recovery with ALTER DATABASE RECOVER CANCEL.

ORA-00280 change string for thread string is in sequence #string

    Cause: This message helps to locate the redo log file with the specified change number requested by other messages.

    Action: Use the information provided in this message to specify the required archived redo log files for other errors.

ORA-00281 media recovery may not be performed using dispatcher

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a dispatcher process for media recovery. Memory requirements disallow this recovery method.

    Action: Connect to the instance via a dedicated server process to perform media recovery.

ORA-00282 UPI string call not supported, use ALTER DATABASE RECOVER

    Cause: The given UPI call is no longer supported.

    Action: Use the ALTER DATABASE RECOVER command for all recovery actions.

ORA-00283 recovery session canceled due to errors

    Cause: An error during recovery was determined to be fatal enough to end the current recovery session.

    Action: More specific messages will accompany this message. Refer to the other messages for the appropriate action.

ORA-00284 recovery session still in progress

    Cause: An error during recovery was determined to be minor enough to allow the current recovery session to continue.

    Action: More specific messages will accompany this message. Refer to the other messages for the appropriate action.

ORA-00285 TIME not given as a string constant

    Cause: UNTIL TIME was not followed by a string constant for the time.

    Action: Enter the time enclosed in single quotation marks.

ORA-00286 no members available, or no member contains valid data

    Cause: None of the members of a redo log file group are available, or the available members do not contain complete data.

    Action: If a member is temporarily offline, attempt to make it available. Make sure that the correct file names are being used, especially if the redo log file is being accessed from a remote location.

ORA-00287 specified change number string not found in thread string

    Cause: The given change number does not appear in any of the online redo logs for the given thread.

    Action: Check the statement to make certain a valid change number is given. Perhaps try to use the NEXT option for archiving logs.

ORA-00288 to continue recovery type ALTER DATABASE RECOVER CONTINUE

    Cause: During media recovery, a new log is not required but the continuation command is necessary to do a checkpoint and report errors.

    Action: Type ALTER DATABASE RECOVER CONTINUE and recovery will resume.

ORA-00289 suggestion : string

    Cause: This message reports the next redo log file name that is needed, according to the initialization parameters LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST and LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT. This message assumes that LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST and LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT are the same now as when the required redo log file was archived.

    Action: Consider using this file name for the next log needed for recovery.

ORA-00290 operating system archival error occurred. See error below

    Cause: While attempting to archive to a redo log file, the server encountered an unexpected operating system error.

    Action: Correct the operating system error given in the messages and retry the operation. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-00291 numeric value required for PARALLEL option

    Cause: A recovery command was specified incorrectly. The PARALLEL option must be followed by a numeric argument that specifies the degree of parallelism.

    Action: Re-enter the command with a numeric argument specifying the degree of parallelism desired.

ORA-00292 parallel recovery feature not installed

    Cause: A parallel recovery was requested when the parallel recovery option is not installed.

    Action: Delete the PARALLEL clause from the RECOVER command. Also, delete the RECOVERY_PARALLELISM parameter in the initialization file.

ORA-00293 controlfile out of sync with redo log

    Cause: The redo log file and control file are out of sync because a non-current control file was specified when the instance was started.

    Action: Retry the RECOVER command using the current control file, or retry the RECOVER command using the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE clause.

ORA-00294 invalid archivelog format specifier 'string'

    Cause: An invalid format specifier was found in the LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT initialization parameter. The only characters permitted for string are s, S, t, and T.

    Action: Correct the initialization file and restart the instance.

ORA-00295 datafile/tempfile number string is invalid, must be between 1 and string

    Cause: An invalid file number was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid datafile or tempfile number and retry the operation.

ORA-00296 maximum number of files (string) exceeded for RECOVER DATAFILE LIST

    Cause: The RECOVER DATAFILE LIST command specified more datafiles than are allowed by the DB_FILES initialization parameter. This error occurs when doing recovery with Recovery Manager, and the instance has been started with a DB_FILES parameter specifying fewer datafiles than Recovery Manager needs to recover to satisfy the user's RECOVER command.

    Action: Restart the instance with a higher value for DB_FILES.

ORA-00297 must specify RECOVER DATAFILE LIST before RECOVER DATAFILE START

    Cause: The RECOVER DATAFILE START command was issued, but no RECOVER DATAFILE LIST commands had been issued. This only happens when doing recovery with Recovery Manager, and is an internal error in Recovery Manager, because Recovery Manager should always issue RECOVER DATAFILE LIST before RECOVER DATAFILE START.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00298 Missing or invalid attribute value

    Cause: A nonzero integer value is required when the following keyword attributes are specified:

        * TIMEOUT
        * EXPIRE
        * DELAY
        * NEXT

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry the command.

ORA-00299 must use file-level media recovery on data file string

    Cause: The control file does not contain an entry for this file, so block media recovery cannot be done.

    Action: Restore the data file and perform file-level media recovery.

ORA-00300 illegal redo log block size string specified - exceeds limit of string

    Cause: The specified block size of the redo log is greater than the maximum block size for the operating system.

    Action: Create the redo log on a device with a smaller block size.

ORA-00301 error in adding log file 'string' - file cannot be created

    Cause: The creation of the redo log file failed

    Action: Check whether:

       1. There is enough storage space on the device
       2. The name of the file is valid
       3. The device is online
       4. An I/O error occurred

    Also, it is possible REUSE was specified on the command line and a file of the incorrect size exists. Either do not specify REUSE or use a file of the correct size.

ORA-00302 limit of string logs exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of redo log files has been exceeded. There is a limit, set at database creation, on the number of redo log files (typically 16).

    Action: Use the CREATE CONTROLFILE command with a larger value for MAXLOGFILES.

ORA-00303 cannot process Parallel Redo

    Cause: A redo log containing Parallel Redo has been detected. The current Oracle release cannot process this format of redo.

    Action: Use a later release that supports Parallel Redo.

ORA-00304 requested INSTANCE_NUMBER is busy

    Cause: An instance tried to start by using a value of the initialization parameter INSTANCE_NUMBER that is already in use.

    Action: Either:

        * Specify another INSTANCE_NUMBER,
        * Shut down the running instance with this number, or
        * Wait for instance recovery to complete on the instance with this number.


ORA-00305 log string of thread string inconsistent; belongs to another database

    Cause: The database ID in the redo log file does not match the database ID in the control file. This redo log file is not from the current database.

    Action: Specify the correct redo log file, and then retry the operation.

ORA-00306 limit of string instances in this database

    Cause: Starting this instance would exceed the maximum number of instances allowed for this database. This message occurs only with STARTUP shared and multiple instances.

    Action: You cannot start more than the lower of:

        * the operating system-specific maximum or
        * the number of instances specified by the MAXINSTANCES option specified in the CREATE DATABASE statement


ORA-00307 requested INSTANCE_NUMBER out of range, maximum is string

    Cause: The initialization parameter INSTANCE_NUMBER specified a number that was out of range.

    Action: Change the value of INSTANCE_NUMBER to a valid range and restart the instance. The minimum value is 1 and the maximum value is the lower of the operating system-specific maximum or the value of the MAXINSTANCES option specified in the CREATE DATABASE statement. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-00308 cannot open archived log 'string'

    Cause: The system cannot access a required archived redo log file.

    Action: Check that the offline log exists, the storage device is online, and the archived file is in the correct location. Then attempt to continue recovery or restart the recovery session.

ORA-00309 log belongs to wrong database

    Cause: The system cannot access the archived redo log because it belongs to another database.

    Action: Specify the correct redo log file and then retry the operation.

ORA-00310 archived log contains sequence string; sequence string required

    Cause: The archived log is out of sequence, probably because it is corrupted or the wrong redo log file name was specified during recovery.

    Action: Specify the correct redo log file and then retry the operation.

ORA-00311 cannot read header from archived log

    Cause: An I/O error occurred when attempting to read the log file header from the specified archived redo log file.

    Action: Other messages will accompany this message. See the associated messages for the appropriate action to take.

ORA-00312 online log string thread string: 'string'

    Cause: This message reports the file name for details of another message.

    Action: Other messages will accompany this message. See the associated messages for the appropriate action to take.

ORA-00313 open failed for members of log group string of thread string

    Cause: The online log cannot be opened. The file may not be in the expected location.

    Action: Specify the correct redo log file or make the log available, if necessary. Also, see the accompanying messages.

ORA-00314 log string of thread string, expected sequence# string doesn't match string

    Cause: The online log is corrupted or is an old version.

    Action: Find and install the correct version of the log or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00315 log string of thread string, wrong thread # string in header

    Cause: The online log is corrupted or is an old version.

    Action: Find and install the correct version of the log or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00316 log string of thread string, type string in header is not log file

    Cause: The online log is corrupted or is an old version.

    Action: Find and install the correct version of the log or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00317 file type string in header is not log file

    Cause: This is not an archived log file.

    Action: Find the correct file and try again. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00318 log string of thread string, expected file size string doesn't match string

    Cause: The file size indicated in the control file did not match the file size contained in the log file.

    Action: Restore the correct file or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00319 log string of thread string has incorrect log reset status

    Cause: An online redo log has log reset data that is different from the log reset data in the control file. The log is probably an incorrectly restored backup.

    Action: Restore the correct file or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00320 cannot read file header from log string of thread string

    Cause: The file is not available.

    Action: Restore the log file.

ORA-00321 log string of thread string, cannot update log file header

    Cause: Cannot write to the log file.

    Action: Restore access to the file.

ORA-00322 log string of thread string is not current copy

    Cause: An online log appears to be an incorrectly restored backup.

    Action: Restore the correct file or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00323 Current log of thread string not useable and all others need archiving

    Cause: An attempt to open the thread failed because it is necessary to switch redo generation to another online log, but all the other logs need to be archived before they can be used.

    Action: Archive the logs for the thread and then retry the open.

ORA-00324 log file 'string' translated name 'string' too long, string characters exceeds string limit

    Cause: The translated name for a log file is too long.

    Action: Choose an untranslated name that yields a shorter translated name.

ORA-00325 archived log for thread string, wrong thread # string in header

    Cause: The archived log is corrupted or for another thread. Cannot use the log for applying the redo.

    Action: Find the correct archived log.

ORA-00326 log begins at change string, need earlier change string

    Cause: The archived log supplied for recovery was generated after the log that is needed. Cannot yet use the log for applying redo.

    Action: Find the correct archived log.

ORA-00327 log string of thread string, physical size string less than needed string

    Cause: A log file has shrunk in size. This is likely to have been caused by a computer operator's mistake or an operating system error.

    Action: Restore the log file from backup. If a backup is not available, drop this log and re-create it. If the database was shut down cleanly, no further action should be required; otherwise, incomplete recovery may be required.

ORA-00328 archived log ends at change string, need later change string

    Cause: The archived log supplied for recovery was generated before the log that is needed. Cannot use the log for applying redo.

    Action: Find the correct archived log.

ORA-00329 archived log begins at change string, need change string

    Cause: The archived log is not the correct log. An earlier log is needed.

    Action: Restore the correct log file.

ORA-00330 archived log ends at change string, need change string

    Cause: The archived log is not the correct log. A later log is needed.

    Action: Restore the correct log file.

ORA-00331 log version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: The log was written by an incompatible version of Oracle.

    Action: Recover the database with the compatible software, shut it down cleanly, and then restart Oracle with the current software.

ORA-00332 archived log is too small - may be incompletely archived

    Cause: The log is smaller than the space allocated in it. May be the result of a SHUTDOWN ABORT while it was being written by the archiver.

    Action: Get a complete version of this log and use it for recovery. There should either be an online version of it or a copy that was successfully archived.

ORA-00333 redo log read error block string count string

    Cause: An I/O error occurred while reading the log described in the accompanying error.

    Action: Restore accessibility to file, or get another copy of the file.

ORA-00334 archived log: 'string'

    Cause: This message reports the file name involved with other errors.

    Action: See associated error messages.

ORA-00335 online log string: No log with this number, log does not exist

    Cause: This message reports the file name involved with other errors.

    Action: See associated error messages.

ORA-00336 log file size string blocks is less than minimum string blocks

    Cause: The log file size as specified in the CREATE DATABASE statement is too small.

    Action: Increase the log file size.

ORA-00337 log file 'string' does not exist and no size specified

    Cause: An attempt to add a log found neither an existing file nor a size for creating the file.

    Action: Specify a size for the log file.

ORA-00338 log string of thread string is more recent than controlfile

    Cause: The control file change sequence number in the log file is greater than the number in the control file. This implies that the wrong control file is being used. Note that repeatedly causing this error can make it stop happening without correcting the real problem. Every attempt to open the database will advance the control file change sequence number until it is great enough.

    Action: Use the current control file or do backup control file recovery to make the control file current. Be sure to follow all restrictions on doing a backup control file recovery.

ORA-00339 archived log does not contain any redo

    Cause: The archived log is not the correct log. It is a copy of a log file that has never been used for redo generation, or was an online log being prepared to be the current log.

    Action: Restore the correct log file.

ORA-00340 IO error processing online log string of thread string

    Cause: An I/O error occurred on the named online log.

    Action: Restore accessibility to the file or restore the file from backup.

ORA-00341 log string of thread string, wrong log # string in header

    Cause: The internal information in an online log file does not match the control file.

    Action: Restore the correct file or reset the logs. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for recovery procedures.

ORA-00342 archived log was created before last RESETLOGS

    Cause: Recovery was given a log that was created before the last ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS command. There should be another log created since then that contains the correct redo.

    Action: Supply the correct log file.

ORA-00343 too many errors, log member closed

    Cause: The maximum number of errors on this log member has been exceeded.

    Action: Correct the underlying problem by referring to the other error messages found with this one.

ORA-00344 unable to re-create online log 'string'

    Cause: An I/O failure occurred when attempting to re-create an online log as part of either an ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS or ALTER DATABASE CLEAR LOGFILE command.

    Action: Correct the file/device as indicated by accompanying errors.

ORA-00345 redo log write error block string count string

    Cause: An I/O error occurred while writing the log.

    Action: Correct the cause of the error, and then restart the system. If the log is lost, apply media/incomplete recovery.

ORA-00346 log member marked as STALE

    Cause: A log file member no longer is complete.

    Action: Correct the underlying problem by referring to the other error messages found with this one.

ORA-00347 log string of thread string, expected block size string doesn't match string

    Cause: During online recovery, the block size specified in the control file did not match the block size contained in the redo log file.

    Action: Restore the correct redo file from a backup or reset the online redo log files.

ORA-00348 single-process redo failure. Must abort instance

    Cause: A failure occurred during a critical portion of the log code during single process operation. This error does not occur during normal multi-process operation.

    Action: SHUTDOWN ABORT and restart the database.

ORA-00349 failure obtaining block size for 'string'

    Cause: The operating system was unable to determine the block size for the given file name.

    Action: Consult the accompanying error message, and correct the device or specify another file name.

ORA-00350 log string of thread string needs to be archived

    Cause: The command cannot be done because the log has not been archived, and media recovery has been enabled.

    Action: Archive the log or disable media recovery. If the command supports an UNARCHIVED option, then it can be used. However, this may result in making backups unusable, and forcing the drop of some offline files.

ORA-00351 recover-to time invalid

    Cause: The time specified in a recover-until statement must be after January 1st 1988.

    Action: Specify a time after January 1st 1988.

ORA-00352 all logs for thread string need to be archived - cannot enable

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a thread with all logs needing to be archived, and media recovery has been enabled. There is no log that can be made the new current log for the thread.

    Action: Archive a log for the thread or disable media recovery.

ORA-00353 log corruption near block string change string time string

    Cause: Some type of redo log corruption has been discovered. This error describes the location of the corruption. Accompanying errors describe the type of corruption.

    Action: Perform recovery with a good version of the redo log or do incomplete recovery up to the indicated change or time.

ORA-00354 corrupt redo log block header

    Cause: The block header on the redo block indicated by the accompanying error is not valid. The block number and time-stamp are given in an accompanying message.

    Action: Perform recovery with a good version of the redo log or perform cancel-based recovery up to, but not including, the corrupted redo log file. If this happens when archiving, archiving of the problem log can be skipped by clearing the log with the UNARCHIVED option. This must be followed by a backup of every datafile to insure recoverability of the database.

ORA-00355 change numbers out of order

    Cause: A change number found in the redo log is lower than a previously encountered change number. The log is corrupted in some way. The corruption may be at the earlier change or at this one.

    Action: Perform recovery with a good version of the log or perform time-based recovery up to the indicated time.

ORA-00356 inconsistent lengths in change description

    Cause: A change record in the redo log contains lengths that do not add up to a consistent value. The log is corrupted in some way.

    Action: Perform recovery with a good version of the log or do time-based recovery up to the indicated time.

ORA-00357 too many members specified for log file, the maximum is string

    Cause: An ADD LOGFILE or ADD LOGFILE MEMBER command would result in a log with too many members. The number of members is set when the database is created.

    Action: Use fewer log file members.

ORA-00358 Too many file members specified, the maximum is string

    Cause: A CREATE or ALTER statement specified too many members in a parenthesised file list.

    Action: Specify a number of file members that is within the port-defined limit.

ORA-00359 logfile group string does not exist

    Cause: An ADD LOGFILE MEMBER or DROP LOGFILE request specified a log file group number that does not exist.

    Action: Check the configuration of the log files and reissue the command.

ORA-00360 not a logfile member: string

    Cause: A file name was given to DROP LOGFILE MEMBER command that is not a part of the database, or which is a datafile.

    Action: Supply a valid log file member name.

ORA-00361 cannot remove last log member string for group string

    Cause: An attempt has been made to remove the last member of a log file group.

    Action: If desired, delete the entire log, by using DROP LOGFILE.

ORA-00362 member is required to form a valid logfile in group string

    Cause: A request to drop a log file member was denied because it would remove data required to form a complete log file.

    Action: If desired, delete the entire log (after archiving if required), by using DROP LOGFILE.

ORA-00363 log is not the archived version

    Cause: The log given to recovery is a backup of the online version from the time it was the current log. The archived version of the log would not be marked as end of thread. This error can also be caused by failing to list the current log of an enabled thread in a CREATE CONTROLFILE command.

    Action: Find the archived version of the log and supply its name. If this is media recovery immediately following a CREATE CONTROLFILE, be sure the current log for this thread was included.

ORA-00364 cannot write header to new log member

    Cause: An I/O error occurred when attempting to write the header to a log member that is being added to an existing group.

    Action: See accompanying errors. Fix the problem or use another file.

ORA-00365 the specified log is not the correct next log

    Cause: The specified log failed to pass checks to ensure it corresponds to the log that was just applied. This is probably the result of using a log that was generated against a cold backup image of the database.

    Action: Find the log that was generated by this copy of the database and give that file name to recovery.

ORA-00366 log string of thread string, checksum error in the file header

    Cause: The file header for the redo log contains a checksum that does not match the value calculated from the file header as read from disk. This means the file header is corrupted.

    Action: Find and install correct version of the log or reset the logs.

ORA-00367 checksum error in log file header

    Cause: The file header for the redo log contains a checksum that does not match the value calculated from the file header as read from disk. This means the file header is corrupted.

    Action: Find the correct file and try again.

ORA-00368 checksum error in redo log block

    Cause: The redo block indicated by the accompanying error, is not valid. It has a checksum that does not match the block contents.

    Action: Perform recovery with a good version of the log or do time-based recovery up to the indicated time. If this happens when archiving, archiving of the problem log can be skipped by clearing the log with the UNARCHIVED option. This must be followed by a backup of every datafile to insure recoverability of the database. Restore the correct file or reset logs.

ORA-00369 Current log of thread string not useable and other log being cleared

    Cause: An attempt to open the thread failed because it is necessary to switch redo generation to another online log, but all the other logs are being cleared or need to be archived before they can be used.

    Action: If the ALTER DATABASE CLEAR LOGFILE command is still active, then wait for it to complete. Otherwise, reissue the CLEAR command. If there are other online logs for the thread that are not being cleared, then archive the logs.

ORA-00371 not enough shared pool memory

    Cause: The SHARED_POOL_SIZE initialization parameter is too small.

    Action: Increase the parameter value.

ORA-00372 file string cannot be modified at this time

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the contents of a file that cannot be modified. The file is most likely part of a read-only tablespace but may be in the process of going offline, or the database may be in the process of closing.

    Action: Check the status of the file and its tablespace.

ORA-00373 online log version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: The online log was written by an incompatible version of Oracle. This can occur when the log file was created by either a new or older version of Oracle.

    Action: Recover the database with the compatible software, shut it down cleanly, and then restart with current software.

ORA-00374 parameter db_block_size = string invalid; must be a multiple of string in the range [string..string]

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the DB_BLOCK_SIZE parameter.

    Action: Adjust the value of the parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-00375 unable to get default db_block_size

    Cause: The system was unable to determine the default value for DB_BLOCK_SIZE.

    Action: See the accompanying system-specific error. As a workaround, specify the block size in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-00376 file string cannot be read at this time

    Cause: An attempt was made to read from a file that is not readable. Most likely the file is offline.

    Action: Check the state of the file. Bring it online.

ORA-00377 Frequent backups of file string causing write operation to stall

    Cause: Backups are occurring too frequently on this file. Each time a new backup is started for a file, any writes which have been previously issued (but not completed) have to be re-issued. If hot backups are started very, very frequently, it is possible that some writes will be re-issued repeatedly and never complete.

    Action: Increase the interval between begin hot-backup commands for this file.

ORA-00378 buffer pools cannot be created as specified

    Cause: The number of buffers or the number of LRU latches is too small to satisfy the specified buffer pool configuration.

    Action: Either increase the number of buffers and/or number of LRU latches or configure smaller buffer pools.

ORA-00379 no free buffers available in buffer pool string for block size stringK

    Cause: All buffers in the specified buffer pool for the specified block size are in use and no free buffers are available.

    Action: Increase the number of buffers in the specified pool for the specified block size.

ORA-00380 cannot specify db_numberk_cache_size since numberK is the standard block size

    Cause: User specified the parameter DB_nK_CACHE_SIZE (where n is one of 2,4,8,16,32), while the standard block size for this database is equal to n Kbytes. This is illegal.

    Action: Specify the standard block size cache using DB_CACHE_SIZE (DEFAULT pool) (and DB_RECYCLE_CACHE_SIZE, DB_KEEP_CACHE_SIZE if additional buffer pools are required). Do NOT use the corresponding DB_nK_CACHE_SIZE parameter for the standard block size.

ORA-00381 cannot use both new and old parameters for buffer cache size specification

    Cause: User specified one or more of {DB_CACHE_SIZE, DB_RECYCLE_CACHE_SIZE, DB_KEEP_CACHE_SIZE, DB_nK_CACHE_SIZE (where n is one of {2, 4, 8, 16, 32}) AND one or more of {DB_BLOCK_BUFFERS, BUFFER_POOL_KEEP, BUFFER_POOL_RECYCLE}. This is illegal.

    Action: Use EITHER the old (pre-Oracle 9.0.0) parameters OR the new ones. Don't specify both. If old size parameters are specified in the parameter file, you may want to replace them with new parameters since the new parameters can be modified dynamically and allow you to configure additional caches for additional block sizes.

ORA-00382 string not a valid block size, valid range [string..string]

    Cause: User specified a value for DB_nK_CACHE_SIZE where n is one of {2, 4, 8, 16, 32}, but nk is not a valid block size for this platform.

    Action: Remove corresponding parameter from the initialization parameter file and restart the instance.

ORA-00383 DEFAULT cache for blocksize string cannot be reduced to zero

    Cause: User attempted to reduce DB_CACHE_SIZE to zero, or attempted to reduce DB_nK_CACHE_SIZE to zero while there were still online tablespaces with block size nK. Note that since the SYSTEM tablespace cannot be taken offline, it is always illegal to set DB_CACHE_SIZE to zero.

    Action: Offline any tablespaces with the corresponding block size and then perform the operation again.

ORA-00384 Insufficient memory to grow cache

    Cause: The system could not allocate sufficient memory to grow the cache to the specified size.

    Action: Attempt a smaller increase in the value of the parameter.

ORA-00390 log string of thread string is being cleared, cannot become current log

    Cause: An attempt to switch to a new online log for the redo thread failed because no reusable log could be found. This log is being cleared and will be usable when the clearing completes. The command that began the clearing may have terminated without completing the clearing.

    Action: If the clear command is still executing, then wait for its completion. If it terminated, then reissue the clear command, or drop the log.

ORA-00391 All threads must switch to new log format at the same time

    Cause: An attempt to switch the current log of a single thread is not allowed because the compatibility requirements force a new log format version number. When changing log formats, all threads must switch to the new format at the same time.

    Action: Open the database to cause the coordinated log switch. If that is not possible, then return to the same software version and compatibility setting last used to open the database.

ORA-00392 log string of thread string is being cleared, operation not allowed

    Cause: An operation encountered this online log in the middle of being cleared. The command that began the clearing may have terminated without completing the clearing.

    Action: If the clear command is still executing, then wait for its completion. If it terminated, then reissue the clear command or drop the log.

ORA-00393 log string of thread string is needed for recovery of offline datafiles

    Cause: Log cannot be cleared because the redo in it is needed to recover offline datafiles. It has not been archived so there is no other copy available. If the log is cleared, the tablespaces containing the files will have to be dropped.

    Action: Archive the log and then repeat the clear command. If archiving is not possible, and dropping the tablespaces is acceptable, then add the clause UNRECOVERABLE DATAFILE at the end of the clear command.

ORA-00394 online log reused while attempting to archive it

    Cause: An attempt was made to reuse an online log file that is being archived.

    Action: The online log file has been overwritten; it cannot be archived.

ORA-00395 online logs for the clone database must be renamed

    Cause: A clone database open forces log file renaming to avoid overwriting the primary log files.

    Action: Rename the log files manually or using the LOG_FILE_NAME_CONVERT initialization parameter.

ORA-00396 error string required fallback to single-pass recovery

    Cause: The indicated error caused two-pass instance or crash recovery to fail. Recovery was retried with an alternate (slower) method to avoid the error.

    Action: Correct the cause of the indicated error (also recorded) so that future instance or crash recovery can succeed with the new algorithm. This usually requires making more main storage available to the recovery process.

ORA-00397 lost write detected for file string, block string

    Cause: The specified block is missing changes that should have been written to disk, indicating a lost write by the file I/O subsystem or volume manager.

    Action: Run diagnostic checks on the I/O subsystem and resolve any errors

ORA-00398 abort thread recovery due to reconfiguration

    Cause: Global enqueue service reconfiguration occurred during instance/crash recovery.

    Action: This is used internally, no action is required.

ORA-00399 corrupt change description in redo log

    Cause: A change vector in the redo log failed validation checks.

    Action: Do recovery with a good version of the log or do time based recovery up to the indicated time.

ORA-00400 invalid release value string for parameter string

    Cause: The release level given for the specified initialization parameter is invalid.

    Action: Correct the parameter value in the parameter file and retry.

ORA-00401 the value for parameter string is not supported by this release

    Cause: The value specified cannot be supported by this release of the software.

    Action: Choose an appropriate value, or remove the parameter value to use the default value.

ORA-00402 database changes by release string cannot be used by release string

    Cause: Changes have been made to the database that require a newer software release or that violate the compatibility parameters.

    Action: Use a version of the software that can understand the changes or relax the compatibility requirements in the initialization file.

ORA-00403 string (string) is not the same as other instances (string)

    Cause: Another instance has set the COMPATIBLE or COMPATIBLE NO RECOVERY parameters differently than this instance.

    Action: Change the parameters of the current instance to match other instances already running.

ORA-00404 Convert file not found: 'string'

    Cause: The file used for converting the database from V7 to V8 could not be found.

    Action: Verify that the migration process has been started on this database and that the convert file name is accessible.

ORA-00405 compatibility type "string"

    Cause: Reporting a type associated with another error.

    Action: See the accompanying error.

ORA-00406 COMPATIBLE parameter needs to be string or greater

    Cause: The value of the COMPATIBLE initialization parameter is not high enough to allow the operation. Allowing the command would make the database incompatible with the release specified by the current COMPATIBLE parameter.

    Action: Shut down and restart with a higher compatibility setting.

ORA-00407 rolling upgrade from release string.string to string.string is not allowed

    Cause: Another instance executing software at a different point release already has the database mounted.

    Action: Shut down all instances then restart with the new software.

ORA-00408 parameter string is set to TRUE

    Cause: Reporting the parameter that resulted in the compatibility error.

    Action: Shut down and restart with a higher compatibility setting.

ORA-00409 COMPATIBLE needs to be string or higher to use AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT

    Cause: This is due to upgrading from an older release of Oracle with tablespaces created using automatic segment-space management. To open the database, the COMPATIBLE parameter needs to be set to the specified value or higher.

    Action: Shut down and start up with the specified compatibility setting.

ORA-00436 ORACLE is not licensed. Contact Oracle Corp. for assistance

    Cause: This installed Oracle software is not licensed to run on this CPU. This can also occur if Oracle software has been installed incorrectly, for example, with the wrong licensing codes.

    Action: Check that Oracle is installed correctly. Then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00437 ORACLE feature is not licensed. Contact Oracle Corp. for assistance

    Cause: This installed Oracle feature is not licensed to run on this CPU. This can also occur if Oracle software has been installed incorrectly, for example, with the wrong licensing codes.

    Action: Check that Oracle is installed correctly. Then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00438 string Option not installed

    Cause: The specified option is not installed.

    Action: Either avoid calling the option, or purchase and install the option.

ORA-00439 feature not enabled: string

    Cause: The specified feature is not enabled.

    Action: Do not attempt to use this feature.

ORA-00443 background process "string" did not start

    Cause: The specified process did not start.

    Action: Ensure that the executable image is in the correct place with the correct protections, and that there is enough memory.

ORA-00444 background process "string" failed while starting

    Cause: Usually due to a bad (or non-existent) background process image.

    Action: Get a good background process image.

ORA-00445 background process "string" did not start after string seconds

    Cause: The specified process did not start after the specified time.

    Action: Ensure that the background did not die and leave a trace file.

ORA-00446 background process started when not expected

    Cause: The background process specified started after Oracle was already running.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, if any, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the other messages. If no user on site started the process, report the message to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00447 fatal error in background process

    Cause: One of the background processes died unexpectedly.

    Action: Restart the system. Check and, if necessary, correct the problem indicated by the background trace file in BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST.

ORA-00448 normal completion of background process

    Cause: One of the background processes completed normally as requested by the user.

    Action: If you are solving a problem, check for other messages and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the other messages. Then shut down and restart Oracle.

ORA-00449 background process 'string' unexpectedly terminated with error string

    Cause: A foreground process needing service from a background process has discovered the process died.

    Action: Refer to the message code given in the message and the trace file for the foreground and the background processes.

ORA-00470 LGWR process terminated with error

    Cause: The Log Writer process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00471 DBWR process terminated with error

    Cause: The Database Writer process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00472 PMON process terminated with error

    Cause: The Process Monitor process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00473 ARCH process terminated with error

    Cause: The Archiver process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, if any, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00474 SMON process terminated with error

    Cause: The System Monitor process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, if any, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00475 TRWR process terminated with error

    Cause: The system tracing process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Restart the instance.

ORA-00476 RECO process terminated with error

    Cause: The distributed transaction (two-phase commit) recovery process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Restart the instance.

ORA-00477 SNP* process terminated with error

    Cause: A materialized view refresh process terminated abnormally.

    Action: PMON will restart SNP process shortly. If SNP process does not get started, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00478 SMON process terminated due to error string

    Cause: SMON was unable to service the requests due to an error in cleanup of resources.

    Action: Warm start the instance.

ORA-00480 LCK* process terminated with error

    Cause: One Lock process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages, if any, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00481 LMON process terminated with error

    Cause: The global enqueue service monitor process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Restart the instance.

ORA-00482 LMD* process terminated with error

    Cause: A global enqueue service daemon process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Restart the instance.

ORA-00483 During shutdown a process abnormally terminated

    Cause: One of the background processes did not exit normally at or near the time of shutdown.

    Action: Use the SHUTDOWN ABORT command. Check the accompanying messages, if any, and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-00484 LMS* process terminated with error

    Cause: A global cache service process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Warm start the instance.

ORA-00485 DIAG process terminated with error string

    Cause: A global diagnostic process died.

    Action: Wait for the process to restart.

ORA-00568 Maximum number of interrupt handlers exceeded

    Cause: The number of registered interrupt handling routines for when the break key is entered exceeds the maximum allowed.

    Action: Reduce the number of registered interrupt handlers.

ORA-00600 internal error code, arguments: [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string]

    Cause: This is the generic internal error number for Oracle program exceptions. It indicates that a process has encountered a low-level, unexpected condition. Causes of this message include:

        * timeouts
        * file corruption
        * failed data checks in memory
        * hardware, memory, or I/O errors
        * incorrectly restored files

    The first argument is the internal message number. Other arguments are various numbers, names, and character strings. The numbers may change meanings between different versions of Oracle.

    Action: Report this error to Oracle Support Services after gathering the following information:

        * events that led up to the error
        * the operations that were attempted that led to the error
        * the conditions of the operating system and databases at the time of the error
        * any unusual circumstances that occurred before receiving the ORA-00600 message
        * contents of any trace files generated by the error
        * the relevant portions of the Alter files

    Note: The cause of this message may manifest itself as different errors at different times. Be aware of the history of errors that occurred before this internal error.

ORA-00601 cleanup lock conflict

    Cause: The Process Monitor encountered a lock conflict while trying to recover processes. This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00602 internal programming exception

    Cause: Internal programming exception occurred.

    Action: Report this error as a program bug to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00603 ORACLE server session terminated by fatal error

    Cause: An Oracle Server session is in an unrecoverable state.

    Action: Log in to Oracle again so a new server session will be created automatically. Examine the session trace file for more information.

ORA-00604 error occurred at recursive SQL level string

    Cause: An error occurred while processing a recursive SQL statement (a statement applying to internal dictionary tables).

    Action: If the situation described in the next error on the stack can be corrected, do so; otherwise contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00606 Internal error code

    Cause: A call to deferred UPI functions was made in non-deferred mode.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00607 Internal error occurred while making a change to a data block

    Cause: An internal error or memory exception occurred while Oracle was applying redo to a data block.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00701 object necessary for warmstarting database cannot be altered

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter or drop a database object (table, cluster, or index) defined in the control file's bootstrap segment and needed to warm start the database.

    Action: Correct the spelling of the object name or remove it from the ALTER or DROP statement.

ORA-00702 bootstrap verison 'string' inconsistent with version 'string'

    Cause: The version of the bootstrap data is incompatible with the current version of the software.

    Action: Restore a version of the software that is compatible with the datafiles.

ORA-00703 maximum number of row cache instance locks exceeded

    Cause: There are not enough row cache enqueues.

    Action: Increase the value of the ROW CACHE ENQUEUE parameter and restart the system.

ORA-00704 bootstrap process failure

    Cause: Failure in processing bootstrap data. Refer to the accompanying messages for more information about the cause of the problem.

    Action: Correct the problems mentioned in the other messages. If the problem persists, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00705 inconsistent state during start up; shut down the instance, then restart it

    Cause: A previous attempt to start an instance was terminated.

    Action: Shut down the instance completely and then restart it.

ORA-00706 error changing format of file 'string'

    Cause: An attempt to change the block0 format of the specified file failed because the file is read-only or offline.

    Action: Make the file read-write or bring the file online and set the BLK0_FMTCHG event.

ORA-00816 error message translation failed

    Cause: There is an internal error where a routine was unable to translate a message code.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.
    
ORA-00900 invalid SQL statement

    Cause: The statement is not recognized as a valid SQL statement. This error can occur if the Procedural Option is not installed and a SQL statement is issued that requires this option (for example, a CREATE PROCEDURE statement). You can determine if the Procedural Option is installed by starting SQL*Plus. If the PL/SQL banner is not displayed, then the option is not installed.

    Action: Correct the syntax or install the Procedural Option.

ORA-00901 invalid CREATE command

    Cause: The CREATE command was not followed by a valid CREATE option.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00902 invalid datatype

    Cause: The datatype entered in the CREATE or ALTER TABLE statement is not valid.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00903 invalid table name

    Cause: A table or cluster name is invalid or does not exist. This message is also issued if an invalid cluster name or no cluster name is specified in an ALTER CLUSTER or DROP CLUSTER statement.

    Action: Check spelling. A valid table name or cluster name must begin with a letter and may contain only alphanumeric characters and the special characters $, _, and #. The name must be less than or equal to 30 characters and cannot be a reserved word.

ORA-00904 string: invalid identifier

    Cause: The column name entered is either missing or invalid.

    Action: Enter a valid column name. A valid column name must begin with a letter, be less than or equal to 30 characters, and consist of only alphanumeric characters and the special characters $, _, and #. If it contains other characters, then it must be enclosed in double quotation marks. It may not be a reserved word.

ORA-00905 missing keyword

    Cause: A required keyword is missing.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00906 missing left parenthesis

    Cause: A required left parenthesis has been omitted. Certain commands, such as CREATE TABLE, CREATE CLUSTER, and INSERT, require a list of items enclosed in parentheses. Parentheses also are required around subqueries in WHERE clauses and in UPDATE table SET column = (SELECT...) statements.

    Action: Correct the syntax, inserting a left parenthesis where required, and retry the statement.

ORA-00907 missing right parenthesis

    Cause: A left parenthesis has been entered without a closing right parenthesis, or extra information was contained in the parentheses. All parentheses must be entered in pairs.

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry the statement.

ORA-00908 missing NULL keyword

    Cause: Either of the following: In a CREATE TABLE or ALTER TABLE statement, NOT was entered to specify that no null values are allowed in that column, but the keyword NULL was omitted. In the IS [NOT] NULL logical operator, the keyword NULL was not found. For example, the following statement generates this message:

    SELECT * FROM EMP WHERE DEPTNO IS NOT; 

    The keyword NULL must follow the keywords IS NOT.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00909 invalid number of arguments

    Cause: An Oracle function was referenced with an incorrect number of arguments. All Oracle functions, except for SYSDATE, require at least one argument.

    Action: Correct the syntax of the function by entering the required number of arguments.

ORA-00910 specified length too long for its datatype

    Cause: No size was specified for a character field or the size was invalid. A maximum length must be specified for each character column. The maximum value for this length varies for each character datatype, such as CHAR or VARCHAR2.

    Action: Enter a maximum length for the field.

ORA-00911 invalid character

    Cause: Special characters are valid only in certain places. If special characters other than $, _, and # are used in a name and the name is not enclosed in double quotation marks ("), this message will be issued. One exception to this rule is for database names; in this case, double quotes are stripped out and ignored.

    Action: Remove the invalid character from the statement or enclose the object name in double quotation marks.

ORA-00913 too many values

    Cause: The SQL statement requires two sets of values equal in number. This error occurs when the second set contains more items than the first set. For example, the subquery in a WHERE or HAVING clause may return too many columns, or a VALUES or SELECT clause may return more columns than are listed in the INSERT.

    Action: Check the number of items in each set and change the SQL statement to make them equal.

ORA-00914 missing ADD keyword

    Cause: The keyword ADD does not precede one of the following:

        * The keyword log file in an ALTER DATABASE statement
        * A column element or table constraint in an ALTER TABLE statement
        * The keyword DATAFILE in an ALTER TABLESPACE statement

    Action: Specify the keyword ADD in the ALTER statement.

ORA-00915 network access of dictionary table not currently allowed

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00917 missing comma

    Cause: A required comma has been omitted from a list of columns or values in an INSERT statement or a list of the form ((C,D),(E,F), ...).

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00918 column ambiguously defined

    Cause: A column name used in a join exists in more than one table and is thus referenced ambiguously. In a join, any column name that occurs in more than one of the tables must be prefixed by its table name when referenced. The column should be referenced as TABLE.COLUMN or TABLE_ALIAS.COLUMN. For example, if tables EMP and DEPT are being joined and both contain the column DEPTNO, then all references to DEPTNO should be prefixed with the table name, as in EMP.DEPTNO or E.DEPTNO.

    Action: Prefix references to column names that exist in multiple tables with either the table name or a table alias and a period (.), as in the examples above.

ORA-00919 invalid function

    Cause: An entry was formatted like a function call, but it is not recognizable as an Oracle function.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00920 invalid relational operator

    Cause: A search condition was entered with an invalid or missing relational operator.

    Action: Include a valid relational operator such as =, !=, ^=, <>, >, <, >=, <=, ALL, ANY, [NOT] BETWEEN, EXISTS, [NOT] IN, IS [NOT] NULL, or [NOT] LIKE in the condition.

ORA-00921 unexpected end of SQL command

    Cause: The SQL command was not complete. Part of a valid command was entered, but at least one major component was omitted.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00922 missing or invalid option

    Cause: An invalid option was specified in defining a column or storage clause. The valid option in specifying a column is NOT NULL to specify that the column cannot contain any NULL values. Only constraints may follow the datatype. Specifying a maximum length on a DATE or LONG datatype also causes this error.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Remove the erroneous option or length specification from the column or storage specification.

ORA-00923 FROM keyword not found where expected

    Cause: In a SELECT or REVOKE statement, the keyword FROM was either missing, misplaced, or misspelled. The keyword FROM must follow the last selected item in a SELECT statement or the privileges in a REVOKE statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Insert the keyword FROM where appropriate. The SELECT list itself also may be in error. If quotation marks were used in an alias, check that double quotation marks enclose the alias. Also, check to see if a reserved word was used as an alias.

ORA-00924 missing BY keyword

    Cause: The keyword BY was omitted in a GROUP BY, ORDER BY, or CONNECT BY clause. In a GRANT statement, the keyword IDENTIFIED must also be followed by the keyword BY.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Insert the keyword BY where required and then retry the statement.

ORA-00925 missing INTO keyword

    Cause: An INSERT statement has been entered without the keyword INTO.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Insert the keyword INTO where required and then retry the statement.

ORA-00926 missing VALUES keyword

    Cause: An INSERT statement has been entered without the keyword VALUES or SELECT. Either a VALUES clause or a SELECT subquery must follow the INSERT INTO clause.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Enter either a VALUES clause or a subquery after the INSERT INTO clause.

ORA-00927 missing equal sign

    Cause: An equal sign has been omitted in one of the following places:

        * In the SET clause of an UPDATE statement
        * Following "!" in a search condition to signify not equal

    Action: Correct the syntax. Insert the equal sign where required and retry the statement.

ORA-00928 missing SELECT keyword

    Cause: A SELECT subquery must be included in a CREATE VIEW statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax. Insert the required SELECT clause after the CREATE VIEW clause and then retry the statement.

ORA-00929 missing period

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00930 missing asterisk

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00931 missing identifier

    Cause: The specified string does not contain an identifier.

    Action: Correct the string argument.

ORA-00932 inconsistent datatypes: expected string got string

    Cause: One of the following:

        * An attempt was made to perform an operation on incompatible datatypes. For example, adding a character field to a date field (dates may only be added to numeric fields) or concatenating a character field with a long field.
        * An attempt was made to perform an operation on a database object (such as a table or view) that is not intended for normal use. For example, system tables cannot be modified by a user. Note that on rare occasions this error occurs because a misspelled object name matched a restricted object's name.
        * An attempt was made to use an undocumented view.

    Action: If the cause is

        * different datatypes, then use consistent datatypes. For example, convert the character field to a numeric field with the TO_NUMBER function before adding it to the date field. Functions may not be used with long fields.
        * an object not intended for normal use, then do not access the restricted object.


ORA-00933 SQL command not properly ended

    Cause: The SQL statement ends with an inappropriate clause. For example, an ORDER BY clause may have been included in a CREATE VIEW or INSERT statement. ORDER BY cannot be used to create an ordered view or to insert in a certain order.

    Action: Correct the syntax by removing the inappropriate clauses. It may be possible to duplicate the removed clause with another SQL statement. For example, to order the rows of a view, do so when querying the view and not when creating it. This error can also occur in SQL*Forms applications if a continuation line is indented. Check for indented lines and delete these spaces.

ORA-00934 group function is not allowed here

    Cause: One of the group functions, such as AVG, COUNT, MAX, MIN, SUM, STDDEV, or VARIANCE, was used in a WHERE or GROUP BY clause.

    Action: Remove the group function from the WHERE or GROUP BY clause. The desired result may be achieved by including the function in a subquery or HAVING clause.

ORA-00935 group function is nested too deeply

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00936 missing expression

    Cause: A required part of a clause or expression has been omitted. For example, a SELECT statement may have been entered without a list of columns or expressions or with an incomplete expression. This message is also issued in cases where a reserved word is misused, as in SELECT TABLE.

    Action: Check the statement syntax and specify the missing component.

ORA-00937 not a single-group group function

    Cause: A SELECT list cannot include both a group function, such as AVG, COUNT, MAX, MIN, SUM, STDDEV, or VARIANCE, and an individual column expression, unless the individual column expression is included in a GROUP BY clause.

    Action: Drop either the group function or the individual column expression from the SELECT list or add a GROUP BY clause that includes all individual column expressions listed.

ORA-00938 not enough arguments for function

    Cause: The function was referenced with too few arguments.

    Action: Check the function syntax and specify the required number of arguments.

ORA-00939 too many arguments for function

    Cause: The function was referenced with too many arguments.

    Action: Check the function syntax and specify only the required number of arguments.

ORA-00940 invalid ALTER command

    Cause: An invalid ALTER option was specified.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00941 missing cluster name

    Cause: The cluster name was either missing or invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid cluster name. A valid cluster name must start with a letter, be less than or equal to 30 characters, and contain only alphanumeric characters or the special characters $, _, and #. It may not be a reserved word. The name must be specified immediately following the keywords CREATE CLUSTER.

ORA-00942 table or view does not exist

    Cause: The table or view entered does not exist, a synonym that is not allowed here was used, or a view was referenced where a table is required. Existing user tables and views can be listed by querying the data dictionary. Certain privileges may be required to access the table. If an application returned this message, the table the application tried to access does not exist in the database, or the application does not have access to it.

    Action: Check each of the following:

        * the spelling of the table or view name.
        * that a view is not specified where a table is required.
        * that an existing table or view name exists.

    Contact the database administrator if the table needs to be created or if user or application privileges are required to access the table.

    Also, if attempting to access a table or view in another schema, make certain the correct schema is referenced and that access to the object is granted.

ORA-00943 cluster does not exist

    Cause: The current user owns no cluster by the specified name.

    Action: Specify a valid cluster name following the keyword CLUSTER, then retry the statement.

ORA-00944 insufficient number of clustered columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a table with fewer cluster columns than were specified in the CREATE CLUSTER statement. The CLUSTER clause of a CREATE TABLE statement must specify all cluster columns that were defined when the cluster was created.

    Action: Specify all cluster columns in the CREATE TABLE statement, then retry it.

ORA-00945 specified clustered column does not exist

    Cause: A column specified in the cluster clause of a CREATE TABLE statement is not a column in this table.

    Action: Re-execute the statement, using the names of columns defined for the table.

ORA-00946 missing TO keyword

    Cause: A GRANT statement was specified without the keyword TO, or an invalid form of the GRANT command was entered.

    Action: Check the syntax for the GRANT command, insert the keyword TO where required, and retry the statement.

ORA-00947 not enough values

    Cause: This error occurs when a SQL statement requires two sets of values equal in number, but the second set contains fewer items than the first set. This can occur in a WHERE or HAVING clause in which a nested SELECT returns too few columns as in:

    WHERE (A,B) IN (SELECT C FROM ...) 

    Another common cause of this error is an INSERT statement in which the VALUES or SELECT clause does not contain enough values needed for the INSERT, as in

    INSERT INTO EMP(EMPNO,ENAME) VALUES('JONES') 

    Action: Check the number of items in each set and change the SQL statement to make them equal.

ORA-00948 ALTER CLUSTER statement no longer supported

    Cause: The ALTER CLUSTER statement has been withdrawn.

    Action: To add data to a cluster from an existing table, use the following series of SQL statements:

    CREATE TABLE newtable SELECT * FROM oldtable CLUSTER clustername;
    DROP oldtable;
    RENAME TABLE newtable oldtable; 


ORA-00949 illegal reference to remote database

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-00950 invalid DROP option

    Cause: A DROP command was not followed by a valid DROP option, such as CLUSTER, DATABASE LINK, INDEX, ROLLBACK SEGMENT, SEQUENCE, SYNONYM, TABLE, TABLESPACE, or VIEW.

    Action: Check the command syntax, specify a valid DROP option, then retry the statement.

ORA-00951 cluster not empty

    Cause: A DROP CLUSTER statement specified a cluster that is not empty. A cluster may not be dropped if it contains any tables, unless the optional INCLUDING TABLES clause is specified. Tables may also be removed from a cluster by using the DROP TABLE command.

    Action: Either specify the INCLUDING TABLES clause in the DROP CLUSTER statement or remove all tables from the cluster with the DROP TABLE command before issuing the DROP CLUSTER command.

ORA-00952 missing GROUP keyword

    Cause: Groups are not currently implemented.

    Action: No user action required.

ORA-00953 missing or invalid index name

    Cause: In a CREATE INDEX, DROP INDEX, or VALIDATE INDEX statement, the index name was missing or invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid index name after the keyword INDEX. To drop or validate an existing index, check the name by querying the data dictionary. To create a new index, check the syntax before retrying.

ORA-00954 missing IDENTIFIED keyword

    Cause: A GRANT CONNECT statement was issued without the keyword IDENTIFIED.

    Action: Check the syntax and insert the keyword IDENTIFIED after the last username. The format is

    GRANT CONNECT TO user-list IDENTIFIED BY password-list; 


ORA-00955 name is already used by an existing object

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a database object (such as a table, view, cluster, index, or synonym) that already exists. A user's database objects must have distinct names.

    Action: Enter a unique name for the database object or modify or drop the existing object so it can be reused.

ORA-00956 missing or invalid auditing option

    Cause: An AUDIT or NOAUDIT command was not followed by a valid option or the keyword ALL. For example, when AUDITing tables an option such as ALTER, AUDIT, COMMENT, DELETE, GRANT, INDEX, INSERT, LOCK, RENAME, SELECT, or UPDATE must be specified.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00957 duplicate column name

    Cause: A column name was specified twice in a CREATE or INSERT statement. Column names must be unique within a table, view, or cluster.

    Action: In a CREATE statement, change one of the column names to a new, unique column name. In an INSERT statement, remove one of the duplicate names.

ORA-00958 missing CHECK keyword

    Cause: The keyword CHECK should follow the keyword WITH in the WITH OPTION clause of the CREATE VIEW statement.

    Action: Check the statement syntax and insert the keyword CHECK where required. Then retry the statement.

ORA-00959 tablespace 'string' does not exist

    Cause: A statement specified the name of a tablespace that does not exist.

    Action: Enter the name of an existing tablespace. For a list of tablespace names, query the data dictionary.

ORA-00960 ambiguous column naming in select list

    Cause: A column name in the order-by list matches more than one select list columns.

    Action: Remove duplicate column naming in select list.

ORA-00961 bad datetime/interval value

ORA-00962 too many group-by / order-by expressions

    Cause: The group-by or order-by column list contain more than 1000 expressions.

    Action: Use no more than 1000 expressions in the group-by or order-by list.

ORA-00963 unsupported interval type

    Cause: An unsupported interval type was encountered.

    Action: Use a valid interval type.

ORA-00964 table name not in FROM list

    Cause: A table specified in a query's SELECT list is not named in the FROM clause list.

    Action: Check spelling of the table names, check that each table name in the SELECT list matches a table name in the FROM list, and then retry the statement.

ORA-00965 column aliases not allowed for '*'

    Cause: An alias was used with the return-all-columns function (*) in the SELECT list. For example:

    SELECT * COL_ALIAS FROM EMP; 

    Action: Either specify individual columns or do not specify an alias with a "*".

ORA-00966 missing TABLE keyword

    Cause: A LOCK statement was specified and the keyword TABLE was missing, misspelled, or misplaced. A LOCK statement must begin with LOCK TABLE tablename.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00967 missing WHERE keyword

    Cause: The keyword WHERE in a SELECT statement was missing, misspelled, or misplaced.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00968 missing INDEX keyword

    Cause: The keyword INDEX in a CREATE UNIQUE INDEX or VALIDATE INDEX statement was missing, misspelled, or misplaced.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-00969 missing ON keyword

    Cause: The keyword ON in a GRANT, REVOKE, or CREATE INDEX statement was missing, misspelled, or misplaced.

    Action: Check syntax and spelling, and use the keyword ON where required.

ORA-00970 missing WITH keyword

    Cause: The keyword START was specified without the keyword WITH. Both keywords are necessary if a START WITH clause is desired in a tree-structured query.

    Action: Change the keyword START to the keywords START WITH. Then retry the statement.

ORA-00971 missing SET keyword

    Cause: The keyword SET in an UPDATE statement is missing, misspelled, or misplaced.

    Action: Check syntax and spelling, and use the keyword SET after the name of the table to be updated.

ORA-00972 identifier is too long

    Cause: The name of a schema object exceeds 30 characters. Schema objects are tables, clusters, views, indexes, synonyms, tablespaces, and usernames.

    Action: Shorten the name to 30 characters or less.

ORA-00973 invalid row count estimate

ORA-00974 invalid PCTFREE value (percentage)

    Cause: The percentage of free space specified in a CREATE INDEX statement is not between 0 and 100. A PCTFREE value of 0 means the entire block is available. The value 100 is not useful because it means that no data may be inserted. The default is 10.

    Action: Specify a PCTFREE value between 0 and 100. Then retry the statement.

ORA-00975 date + date not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to add two date fields together. Dates may be added only to numeric fields, not to other dates.

    Action: Use the Oracle function TO_NUMBER to convert one of the date fields to a numeric field before adding it to the other date field.

ORA-00976 LEVEL, PRIOR, or ROWNUM not allowed here

    Cause: The use of the PRIOR clause, the pseudo-column LEVEL, or ROWNUM is incorrect in this context.

    Action: Check the syntax for the SQL statement. Then remove or relocate the keyword PRIOR, LEVEL, or ROWNUM.

ORA-00977 duplicate auditing option

    Cause: An AUDIT or NOAUDIT statement specified the same option more than once.

    Action: Either specify ALL without other auditing options or remove the duplicate auditing specifications.

ORA-00978 nested group function without GROUP BY

    Cause: A group function, such as AVG, COUNT, MAX, MIN, SUM, STDDEV, or VARIANCE, was used within another group function, as in MAX(COUNT(*)), without a corresponding GROUP BY clause.

    Action: Either add a GROUP BY clause or remove the extra level of nesting.

ORA-00979 not a GROUP BY expression

    Cause: The GROUP BY clause does not contain all the expressions in the SELECT clause. SELECT expressions that are not included in a group function, such as AVG, COUNT, MAX, MIN, SUM, STDDEV, or VARIANCE, must be listed in the GROUP BY clause.

    Action: Include in the GROUP BY clause all SELECT expressions that are not group function arguments.

ORA-00980 synonym translation is no longer valid

    Cause: The synonym used is based on a table, view, or synonym that no longer exists.

    Action: Replace the synonym with the name of the object it references or re-create the synonym so that it refers to a valid table, view, or synonym.

ORA-00981 cannot mix table and system auditing options

    Cause: Both table-wide and system-wide options were specified within a single AUDIT statement.

    Action: Check the AUDIT command syntax. Then retry one or more AUDIT statements.

ORA-00982 missing plus sign

    Cause: A left parenthesis appeared in a join condition, but a plus sign (+) did not follow. A left parenthesis in a join condition usually signals an outer-join specification and so a plus sign is expected to follow. To specify an outer join on a column in a join operation, follow the column reference in the join condition with a plus sign (+) enclosed in parentheses.

    Action: Correct the SQL syntax and retry the statement.

ORA-00984 column not allowed here

    Cause: A column name was used in an expression where it is not permitted, such as in the VALUES clause of an INSERT statement.

    Action: Check the syntax of the statement and use column names only where appropriate.

ORA-00985 invalid program name

    Cause: Probably a syntax error.

    Action: Correct syntax.

ORA-00986 missing or invalid group name(s)

    Cause: Probably a syntax error.

    Action: Correct syntax.

ORA-00987 missing or invalid username(s)

    Cause: No username was specified in a GRANT statement or one of the specified usernames is invalid. Valid usernames must be specified following the keyword TO in a GRANT statement to define a user. A username must begin with a letter, consist only of alphanumeric characters and the special characters $, _, and #, and be less than or equal to 30 characters. If it contains other characters, it must be enclosed in double quotation marks. It may not be a reserved word.

    Action: Specify a valid username, or list of usernames, following the keyword TO in the GRANT statement.

ORA-00988 missing or invalid password(s)

    Cause: More usernames than passwords were specified in a GRANT statement. A valid password must be specified for each username listed in the GRANT statement.

    Action: Enter a valid password for each username.

ORA-00989 too many passwords for usernames given

    Cause: More passwords than usernames were specified in a GRANT statement. Only one password may be entered for each username listed in the GRANT statement.

    Action: Enter an equal number of usernames and passwords.

ORA-00990 missing or invalid privilege

    Cause: No privileges were specified in a GRANT privilege statement, or one of the specified privileges is invalid.

    Action: Enter one or more valid privileges such as SELECT, INSERT, DELETE, UPDATE, ALTER, INDEX, REFERENCES, or ALL. More than one privilege may be granted by entering the privileges in a list separated by commas (,) or by specifying the keyword ALL to grant all privileges.

ORA-00991 only MAC privileges may be granted to procedures

    Cause: Object privileges or non-MAC system privileges were granted to the procedure.

    Action: Only grant MAC privileges using the PROCEDURE clause.

ORA-00992 invalid format for REVOKE command

    Cause: An invalid form of the REVOKE command was entered. There are two forms of the REVOKE command. The first form is used to revoke a user's database access privileges. The second form is used to revoke a user's object privileges.

    Action: Check the command syntax and retry the statement.

ORA-00993 missing GRANT keyword

    Cause: The keyword WITH was specified at the end of a GRANT statement without the keyword GRANT. To grant privileges to a user and the permission to grant those privileges to another user, you must specify the keywords WITH GRANT OPTION at the end of the GRANT statement.

    Action: Change the keyword WITH to the keywords WITH GRANT OPTION, then retry the statement.

ORA-00994 missing OPTION keyword

    Cause: The keywords WITH GRANT were specified at the end of a GRANT statement without the keyword OPTION.

    Action: Change the keywords WITH GRANT to the keywords WITH GRANT OPTION. Then retry the statement.

ORA-00995 missing or invalid synonym identifier

    Cause: In a CREATE or DROP SYNONYM statement, the synonym name was either missing or invalid.

    Action: Check syntax and spelling. A valid synonym name must be specified immediately following the keyword SYNONYM in both statements. Valid synonym names must begin with a letter, consist of alphanumeric characters and the special characters $, _, and #, and be less than or equal to 30 characters. They may not be reserved words.

ORA-00996 the concatenate operator is ||, not |

    Cause: A single bar (|) was interpreted as an attempt to specify concatenation, but the concatenation operator is a double bar (||).

    Action: Enter a double bar (||) for concatenation or remove the single bar (|) if concatenation was not intended.

ORA-00997 illegal use of LONG datatype

    Cause: A value of datatype LONG was used in a function or in a DISTINCT, WHERE, CONNECT BY, GROUP BY, or ORDER BY clause. A LONG value can only be used in a SELECT clause.

    Action: Remove the LONG value from the function or clause.

ORA-00998 must name this expression with a column alias

    Cause: An expression or function was used in a CREATE VIEW statement, but no corresponding column name was specified. When expressions or functions are used in a view, all column names for the view must be explicitly specified in the CREATE VIEW statement.

    Action: Enter a column name for each column in the view in parentheses after the view name.

ORA-00999 invalid view name

    Cause: In a CREATE VIEW statement, the view name was missing or invalid.

    Action: Enter a valid view name following CREATE VIEW. Valid view names must begin with a letter, consist of only alphanumeric characters and the special characters $, _, and #, be less than or equal to 30 characters, and may not be reserved words. If the view name contains other characters, it must be enclosed in double quotation marks.

ORA-01000 maximum open cursors exceeded

    Cause: A host language program attempted to open too many cursors. The initialization parameter OPEN_CURSORS determines the maximum number of cursors per user.

    Action: Modify the program to use fewer cursors. If this error occurs often, shut down Oracle, increase the value of OPEN_CURSORS, and then restart Oracle.

ORA-01001 invalid cursor

    Cause: Either a host language program call specified an invalid cursor or the value of the MAXOPENCURSORS option in the precompiler command were too small. All cursors must be opened using the OOPEN call before being referenced in any of the following calls: SQL, DESCRIBE, NAME, DEFINE, BIND, EXEC, FETCH, and CLOSE. The Logon Data Area (LDA) must be defined by using OLON or OLOGON. If the LDA is not defined, this message is issued for the following calls: OPEN, COM, CON, ROL, and LOGOFF.

    Action: Check the erroneous call statement. Specify a correct LDA area or open the cursor as required. If there is no problem with the cursor, it may be necessary to increase the MAXOPENCURSORS option value before precompiling.

ORA-01002 fetch out of sequence

    Cause: In a host language program, a FETCH call was issued out of sequence. A successful parse-and-execute call must be issued before a fetch. This can occur if an attempt was made to FETCH from an active set after all records have been fetched. This may be caused by fetching from a SELECT FOR UPDATE cursor after a commit. A PL/SQL cursor loop implicitly does fetches and may also cause this error.

    Action: Parse and execute a SQL statement before attempting to fetch the data.

ORA-01003 no statement parsed

    Cause: A host language program call referenced a cursor with no associated parsed SQL statement. A SQL call (for example, OSQL3) must be used to pass a SQL statement to Oracle and to associate the statement with an open cursor. A cursor must already have an associated SQL statement if referenced in any of the following calls: DESCRIBE, NAME, DEFINE, BIND, EXECUTE, and FETCH.

    Action: Do the SQL call, for example, OSQL, to pass the required SQL statement before referencing the cursor.

ORA-01004 default username feature not supported; logon denied

    Cause: An attempt was made to use automatic logon on a system not supporting this feature.

    Action: Provide the complete username and password to log on to Oracle.

ORA-01005 null password given; logon denied

    Cause: An invalid password was given when logging on.

    Action: Provide a valid password.

ORA-01006 bind variable does not exist

    Cause: A program issued a BIND call for a variable not listed in the associated SQL statement. Only those variables prefixed by either a colon (:) or ampersand (&) in the SQL statement may be referenced in a BIND call, OBIND or OBINDN. This error may also be caused by a mismatch between a Precompiler program and the related library, SQLLIB.

    Action: Modify the BIND call to reference one of the substitute variables specified in the associated SQL statement.

ORA-01007 variable not in select list

    Cause: A reference was made to a variable not listed in the SELECT clause. In OCI, this can occur if the number passed for the position parameter is less than one or greater than the number of variables in the SELECT clause in any of the following calls: DESCRIBE, NAME, or DEFINE. In SQL*Forms or SQL*Report, specifying more variables in an INTO clause than in the SELECT clause also causes this error.

    Action: Determine which of the problems listed caused the problem and take appropriate action.

ORA-01008 not all variables bound

    Cause: A SQL statement containing substitution variables was executed without all variables bound. All substitution variables must have a substituted value before the SQL statement is executed.

    Action: In OCI, use an OBIND or OBINDN call to substitute the required values.

ORA-01009 missing mandatory parameter

    Cause: A host language program call did not pass all required parameters.

    Action: Check the syntax for the call and enter all required parameters.

ORA-01010 invalid OCI operation

    Cause: One of the following:

        * You attempted an invalid OCI operation.
        * You are using an Oracle client application linked with release 7.1 (or higher) libraries, the environment variable ORA_ENCRYPT_LOGIN is set to TRUE, and you attempted to connect to a release 7.0 (or lower) Oracle database server.
        * You are connected to a release 7.1 (or higher) Oracle database server, the DBLINK_ENCRYPT_LOGIN initialization parameter is set to TRUE, and you attempted to use a database link pointing to a release 7.0 (or lower) Oracle database server.
        * You are connected to a release 9.0.2(or higher) Oracle database server and you attempted to use a database link pointing to a release 9.0.1 (or lower) Oracle database server for distributed autonomous transactions.

    Action: For the above causes:

        * Do not use the invalid OCI operation.
        * If you do not wish to use encrypted connect passwords in your distributed database, then set ORA_ENCRYPT_LOGIN to FALSE. If you wish to use encrypted connect passwords, then you must upgrade all Oracle database servers to release 7.1 (or higher).
        * If you do not wish to use encrypted database links in your distributed database, then set DBLINK_ENCRYPT_LOGIN to FALSE. If you wish to use encrypted database links, then you must upgrade all Oracle database servers to release 7.1 (or higher).
        * Do not attempt distributed autonomous transactions on release 9.0.1 (or lower) Oracle database servers.


ORA-01011 cannot use v7 compatibility mode when talking to v6 server

    Cause: An attempt was made to use Oracle7 compatibility mode when accessing Oracle version 6.

    Action: Use V6 SQL language type. You may need to use the SET COMPATIBILITY V6 command.

ORA-01012 not logged on

    Cause: A host language program issued an Oracle call, other than OLON or OLOGON, without being logged on to Oracle. This can occur when a user process attempts to access the database after the instance it is connected to terminates, forcing the process to disconnect.

    Action: Log on to Oracle, by calling OLON or OLOGON, before issuing any Oracle calls. When the instance has been restarted, retry the action.

ORA-01013 user requested cancel of current operation

    Cause: The user interrupted an Oracle operation by entering CTRL-C, Control-C, or another canceling operation. This forces the current operation to end. This is an informational message only.

    Action: Continue with the next operation.

ORA-01014 ORACLE shutdown in progress

    Cause: A user tried to log on to Oracle while an instance shutdown was in progress. Oracle logons are disabled while Oracle is being shut down.

    Action: Wait until Oracle is brought back up before attempting to log on.

ORA-01015 logon called recursively

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01016 This function can be called only after a fetch

    Cause: The cursor is in an invalid state.

    Action: Ensure the appropriate OCI/UPI function is called after the fetch and before the offending function.

ORA-01017 invalid username/password; logon denied

    Cause: An invalid username or password was entered in an attempt to log on to Oracle. The username and password must be the same as was specified in a GRANT CONNECT statement. If the username and password are entered together, the format is: username/password.

    Action: Enter a valid username and password combination in the correct format.

ORA-01018 column does not have a LONG datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to fetch data using the LONG fetch option, but the specified column was not LONG.

    Action: Re-execute the fetch without the LONG fetch option or create the table with a LONG column.

ORA-01019 unable to allocate memory in the user side

    Cause: The user side memory allocator returned an error.

    Action: Increase the size of the process heap or switch to the old set of calls.

ORA-01020 unknown context state

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01021 invalid context size specified

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01022 database operation not supported in this configuration

    Cause: The attempted database operation does not conform to the user programming interface (UPI) for the two communicating Oracle servers.

    Action: You may need to upgrade one or more of your Oracle servers or re-link your user side application with new libraries. Report the problem to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01023 Cursor context not found (Invalid cursor number)

    Cause: The cursor number is not a valid open cursor.

    Action: Make sure that the cursor is open.

ORA-01024 invalid datatype in OCI call

    Cause: An OCI program call specified an invalid datatype. In OCI calls, Oracle datatypes are specified as numbers between 1 and 7.

    Action: Check the datatype description and enter the correct number for the datatype.

ORA-01025 UPI parameter out of range

    Cause: An integer parameter to a UPI function is out of range.

    Action: This usually indicates an error in a tool built on top of the Oracle DBMS. Report the error to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01026 multiple buffers of size > 4000 in the bind list

    Cause: More than one long buffer in the bind list.

    Action: Change the buffer size to be less than 4000 for the bind variable bound to a normal column.

ORA-01027 bind variables not allowed for data definition operations

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a bind variable in a SQL data definition operation.

    Action: Such bind variables are not allowed.

ORA-01028 internal two task error

    Cause: Received send long message but do not have the cursor context.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01029 internal two task error

    Cause: Received a request to send the long again when there is no long

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01030 SELECT ... INTO variable does not exist

    Cause: The SELECT... INTO specified in the bind call does not correspond to a variable in the SQL statement.

    Action: If it is not possible to correct the statement, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01031 insufficient privileges

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the current username or password without the appropriate privilege. This error also occurs if attempting to install a database without the necessary operating system privileges.

    Action: Ask the database administrator to perform the operation or grant the required privileges.

ORA-01032 no such userid

    Cause: This is an internal error message related to Export/Import.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01033 ORACLE initialization or shutdown in progress

    Cause: An attempt was made to log on while Oracle is being started or shut down.

    Action: Wait a few minutes. Then retry the operation.

ORA-01034 ORACLE not available

    Cause: Oracle was not started. Possible causes include the following:

        * The SGA requires more space than was allocated for it.
        * The operating-system variable pointing to the instance is improperly defined.

    Action: Refer to accompanying messages for possible causes and correct the problem mentioned in the other messages. If Oracle has been initialized, then on some operating systems, verify that Oracle was linked correctly. See the platform-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01035 ORACLE only available to users with RESTRICTED SESSION privilege

    Cause: Logins are disallowed because an instance started in restricted mode. Only users with RESTRICTED SESSION system privilege can log on.

    Action: Request that Oracle be restarted without the restricted option or obtain the RESTRICTED SESSION system privilege.

ORA-01036 illegal variable name/number

    Cause: Unable to find bind context on user side.

    Action: Make sure that the variable being bound is in the SQL statement.

ORA-01037 maximum cursor memory exceeded

    Cause: An attempt was made to process a complex SQL statement which consumed all available memory of the cursor.

    Action: Simplify the complex SQL statement. Alternatively, you can use the NO_EXPAND hint which prevents the cost-based optimizer from considering OR-expansion for queries having OR conditions or INLISTS in the WHERE clause. Usually, the optimizer considers using OR expansion and uses this method if it decides the cost is lower than not using it. Refer to the Oracle9i Database Performance Tuning Guide and Reference for information about using hints.

ORA-01038 cannot write database file version string with ORACLE version string

    Cause: An attempt was made to write datafile headers in an old format. The new format cannot be used until after the database has been verified as being compatible with this software version.

    Action: Open the database to advance to the new file formats, then repeat the operation. If the operation is required before the database can be opened, then use the previous software release to do the operation.

ORA-01039 insufficient privileges on underlying objects of the view

    Cause: An attempt was made to explain plan on other people's view without the necessary privileges on the underlying objects of the view.

    Action: Get necessary privileges or do not perform the offending operation.

ORA-01040 invalid character in password; logon denied

    Cause: There are multibyte characters in the password or some characters in the password are not in US7ASCII range.

    Action: Resubmit the password with valid characters.

ORA-01041 internal error. hostdef extension doesn't exist

    Cause: Pointer to HSTDEF extension in HSTDEF is null.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01042 detaching a session with open cursors not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach a session which had open cursors.

    Action: Close all the cursors before detaching the session.

ORA-01043 user side memory corruption [string], [string], [string], [string]

    Cause: The application code corrupted some of the user memory used by Oracle.

    Action: Make sure that the application code is not overwriting memory.

ORA-01044 size string of buffer bound to variable exceeds maximum string

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind a buffer whose total size would exceed the maximum size allowed. Total array size for arrays is calculated as:

    (element_size)*(number of elements)

    Action: Reduce the buffer size.

ORA-01045 user string lacks CREATE SESSION privilege; logon denied

    Cause: A connect was attempted to a userid which does not have create session privilege.

    Action: Grant the user CREATE SESSION privilege.

ORA-01046 cannot acquire space to extend context area

    Cause: Oracle could not extend the current area any further because the operating system would not supply any more space. A system-specific message should appear following this message.

    Action: Close some cursors and try again or check operating system quotas to use more virtual memory. See your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01047 The above error occurred in schema=string, package=string, procedure=string

    Cause: This message is displayed after a previous message to provide more specific information.

    Action: See the cause and action for the previous message.

ORA-01048 Couldn't find the specified procedure in the given context

    Cause: The procedure user specified in deferred RPC does not exist.

    Action: Check to make sure that the procedure exists and is visible to the replication process.

ORA-01049 Bind by name is not supportted in streamed RPC

    Cause: This error occurs when a newer server version requests from an older server version an operation that is not supported.

    Action: You may need to upgrade one or more of your Oracle servers or relink your user application with new libraries.

ORA-01050 cannot acquire space to open context area

    Cause: Oracle could not open a new context area because the operating system would not supply any more space. A system-specific message should appear following this message.

    Action: Close some cursors and try again or check operating system quotas to use more virtual memory. See your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01051 deferred rpc buffer format invalid

    Cause: The deferred RPC data in SYS.DEF$_CALL is corrupted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01052 required destination LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST is not specified

    Cause: A valid destination for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST was not specified when parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST was set to 2.

    Action: Either specify a value for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST, or reduce the value for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST to 1.

ORA-01053 user storage address cannot be read

    Cause: A bind variable or other user area could not be read by Oracle.

    Action: Check that binds are done correctly on valid user buffers, then retry the operation.

ORA-01054 user storage address cannot be written

    Cause: A define, FETCH... INTO or SELECT... INTO, variable or other user area could not be written to by Oracle.

    Action: Check that INTO variables and indicators are correctly specified. Then retry the operation.

ORA-01057 invalid or ambiguous block.field reference in user exit

    Cause: The reference to a block.field identifier in a user exit is incorrect or ambiguous, probably because it is misspelled or incomplete.

    Action: Check syntax and identifier spelling. Then correct the reference.

ORA-01058 internal New Upi interface error

    Cause: Attempt to delete non-existent HSTDEF extension.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01059 parse expected before a bind or execute

    Cause: The client application attempted to bind a variable or execute a cursor opened in a PL/SQL block before the statement was parsed.

    Action: Ensure the statement is parsed before a bind or execute.

ORA-01060 array binds or executes not allowed

    Cause: The client application attempted to bind an array of cursors or attempted to repeatedly execute against a PL/SQL block with a bind variable of type cursor.

    Action: Bind a single cursor or execute the PL/SQL block once.

ORA-01061 cannot start up a V8 server using a V7 client application

    Cause: You are using an Oracle client application linked with version 7 (or lower) libraries and you attempted to start up a V8 (or higher) server.

    Action: Use a client application linked with V8 (or higher) libraries.

ORA-01062 unable to allocate memory for define buffer

    Cause: Exceeded the maximum buffer size for current platform.

    Action: Use piecewise fetch with a smaller buffer size.

ORA-01070 Using an old version of Oracle for the server

    Cause: An attempt was made to run an older, obsolete Oracle Server.

    Action: Upgrade the server.

ORA-01071 cannot perform operation without starting up ORACLE

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation before Oracle was started.

    Action: Start Oracle. Then retry the operation.

ORA-01072 cannot stop ORACLE; ORACLE not running

    Cause: An attempt was made to stop Oracle, but Oracle was not running.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01073 fatal connection error: unrecognized call type

    Cause: An illegal internal operation was attempted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01074 cannot shut down ORACLE; inside a login session - log off first

    Cause: An attempt was made to shut down Oracle inside a logon session.

    Action: Log off before shutting down Oracle.

ORA-01075 you are currently logged on

    Cause: An attempt was made to log on while already logged on.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01076 multiple logons per process not yet supported

    Cause: Oracle does not support multiple logons per process.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01077 background process initialization failure

    Cause: A failure occurred during initialization of the background processes.

    Action: Refer to the diagnostic information in the accompanying message stack or in the trace file and take appropriate action.

ORA-01078 failure in processing system parameters

    Cause: Failure during processing of initialization parameters during system startup.

    Action: Further diagnostic information should be in the error stack.

ORA-01079 ORACLE database was not properly created, operation aborted

    Cause: There was an error when the database or control file was created.

    Action: Check what error was signaled when the database was first created or when the control file was re-created. Take appropriate actions to re-create the database or a new control file.

ORA-01080 error in shutting down ORACLE

    Cause: A failure occurred during system shutdown.

    Action: Refer to the diagnostic information in the accompanying message stack and take appropriate action.

ORA-01081 cannot start already-running ORACLE - shut it down first

    Cause: An attempt was made to start Oracle while it was already running.

    Action: Shut down Oracle first, if you want to restart it.

ORA-01082 'row_locking = always' requires the transaction processing option

    Cause: "row_locking = always" is specified in the INIT.ORA file. This feature is not supported by ORACLE without the transaction processing option.

    Action: Remove it from INIT.ORA file or set it to "default" or "intent".

ORA-01083 value of parameter "string" is inconsistent with that of other instances

    Cause: The value of the given initialization parameter is required to be the same for all instances in the cluster database configuration.

    Action: Change the value of the initialization parameter in the initialization parameter file to match that of other cluster database instances.

ORA-01084 invalid argument in OCI call

    Cause: The failing OCI call contains an argument with an invalid value.

    Action: Use valid argument values. For more information, see the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide and the appropriate programming language supplement.

ORA-01085 preceding errors in deferred rpc to "string.string.string"

    Cause: Errors were encountered when the named procedure was executed as a deferred remote procedure call.

    Action: Correct the cause of the preceding errors.

ORA-01086 savepoint 'string' never established

    Cause: An attempt was made to roll back to a savepoint that was never established.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-01087 cannot start up ORACLE - currently logged on

    Cause: An attempt was made to start up Oracle by a user who is currently logged on.

    Action: Log off. Then issue the STARTUP command.

ORA-01088 cannot shut down ORACLE while active processes exist

    Cause: Users are still logged into the instance.

    Action: Either wait for all users to logoff or use SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE.

ORA-01089 immediate shutdown in progress - no operations are permitted

    Cause: The SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE command was used to shut down a running Oracle instance, terminating any active operations.

    Action: Wait for the instance to be restarted or contact the database administrator.

ORA-01090 shutdown in progress - connection is not permitted

    Cause: The SHUTDOWN command was used to shut down a running Oracle instance, disallowing any connects to Oracle.

    Action: Wait for the instance to restart or contact the database administrator.

ORA-01091 failure during startup force

    Cause: Unable to destroy the old SGA.

    Action: Manually remove the old SGA. See your operating system-specific Oracle documentation for instructions. Then retry the STARTUP command.

ORA-01092 ORACLE instance terminated. Disconnection forced

    Cause: The instance connected to was terminated abnormally, probably due to a SHUTDOWN ABORT. The current process was forced to disconnect from the instance.

    Action: Examine the alert log for more details. Contact the database administrator to determine when the instance is restarted. Attempt to reconnect after the instance is running again.

ORA-01093 ALTER DATABASE CLOSE only permitted with no sessions connected

    Cause: There is at least one more session, other than the current one, logged in to the instance. ALTER DATABASE CLOSE is not permitted when other sessions are active.

    Action: Find the other sessions and disconnect them. Then reissue the ALTER DATABASE CLOSE statement. Also, issue the SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE command to force users off the system, or issue the SHUTDOWN ABORT command to shut down the database without waiting for users to be forced off.

ORA-01094 ALTER DATABASE CLOSE in progress. Connections not permitted

    Cause: An attempt was made to connect while the database is being closed with the ALTER DATABASE CLOSE statement.

    Action: Attempt to connect again when the database is open. Contact the database administrator to find out when the database will be open.

ORA-01095 DML statement processed zero rows

    Cause: A DML cursor from the OTEX() call processed 0 rows when executed.

    Action: Caller can either do a rollback or ignore the message and execute the rest of the cursors in the cursor array.

ORA-01096 program version (string) incompatible with instance (string)

    Cause: The program was linked with a different version of the server than the instance to which it is attempting to connect.

    Action: Relink the program against the same version of Oracle as the instance or restart (startup force) the database using the program's version of the SERVER.

ORA-01097 cannot shutdown while in a transaction - commit or rollback first

    Cause: An attempt was made to shut down the database while a transaction was in progress.

    Action: Either commit or rollback the current transaction and then attempt to shut down the database.

ORA-01098 program Interface error during Long Insert

    Cause: The application program interface could not insert or update a LONG column because of an internal error when a TTCGETV call fails. For example, a network read error or one of the parameters passed to the call is invalid.

    Action: Retry the insert or update.

ORA-01099 cannot mount database in SHARED mode if started in single process mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount a database in parallel mode with the initialization parameter SINGLE_PROCESS set to TRUE.

    Action: Either mount the database in EXCLUSIVE mode or set the initialization parameter SINGLE_PROCESS to FALSE before starting the instance in parallel (shared) mode.

ORA-01100 database already mounted

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount a database with the name of a currently mounted database.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-01101 database being created currently mounted by some other instance

    Cause: Some other instance has the database of same name currently mounted and you are trying to create it.

    Action: Either change the database name or shut down the other instance.

ORA-01102 cannot mount database in EXCLUSIVE mode

    Cause: Some other instance has the database mounted exclusive or shared.

    Action: Shut down the other instance or mount in a compatible mode.

ORA-01103 database name 'string' in controlfile is not 'string'

    Cause: The database name in the control file does not match your database name.

    Action: Either find the correct control file or change your database name.

ORA-01104 number of controlfiles (string) does not equal string

    Cause: The number of control files used by this instance disagrees with the number of control files in an existing instance.

    Action: Check to make sure that all control files are listed.

ORA-01105 mount is incompatible with mounts by other instances

    Cause: An attempt to mount the database discovered that another instance mounted a database by the same name, but the mount is not compatible. Additional errors are reported explaining why.

    Action: See accompanying errors.

ORA-01106 database must be closed before dismounting

    Cause: An attempt was made to dismount a database before it was closed.

    Action: Close the database, then retry the operation.

ORA-01107 database must be mounted for media recovery

    Cause: An attempt to perform media recovery was made but the database is not mounted.

    Action: Mount the database.

ORA-01108 file string is in backup or media recovery"

    Cause: Either media recovery is actively being applied to the file, or it is being backed up while the database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode. It cannot be used for normal database access or crash recovery.

    Action: Complete or cancel the media recovery session or backup.

ORA-01109 database not open

    Cause: A command was attempted that requires the database to be open.

    Action: Open the database and try the command again.

ORA-01110 data file string: 'string'

    Cause: This message reports the file name involved with other messages.

    Action: See the associated messages for a description of the problem.

ORA-01111 name for data file string is unknown - rename to correct file

    Cause: The datafile was missing from a CREATE CONTROLFILE command or BACKUP CONTROLFILE RECOVERY was done with a control file that was saved before the file was created.

    Action: Rename the MISSING file to the name of the real file.

ORA-01112 media recovery not started

    Cause: An attempt to continue media recovery is being made but media recovery was not started.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-01113 file string needs media recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a datafile that is in need of media recovery.

    Action: First apply media recovery to the datafile identified in the message, then retry the operation.

ORA-01114 IO error writing block to file string (block # string)

    Cause: The device on which the file resides is probably offline. If the file is a temporary file, then it is also possible that the device has run out of space. This could happen because disk space of temporary files is not necessarily allocated at file creation time.

    Action: Restore access to the device or remove unnecessary files to free up space.

ORA-01115 IO error reading block from file string (block # string)

    Cause: The device on which the file resides is probably off line.

    Action: Restore access to the device, then retry the operation.

ORA-01116 error in opening database file string

    Cause: Usually the file is not accessible.

    Action: Make sure the datafile is in the expected location and can be accessed properly, then retry the operation.

ORA-01117 adding file 'string' with illegal block size: string; limit is string

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a datafile with a block size that is greater than the maximum block size allowed.

    Action: Retry the operation with a smaller block size.

ORA-01118 cannot add any more database files: limit of string exceeded

    Cause: An attempt to add a datafile failed because the limit for such files had already been reached.

    Action: If more database space is required, export the database and re-create it with a higher limit for datafiles and perhaps increased file size.

ORA-01119 error in creating database file 'string'

    Cause: Insufficient space on device.

    Action: Decrease the size of the requested file or allocate a file on another device with more available space. If a file size was not specified in the statement, then specify a file size smaller than the available space on the device.

ORA-01120 cannot remove online database file string

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a datafile when it is online.

    Action: Take file offline before dropping.

ORA-01121 cannot rename database file string - file is in use or recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER DATABASE RENAME to rename a datafile that is online in an open instance or is being recovered.

    Action: Close database in all instances and end all recovery sessions.

ORA-01122 database file string failed verification check

    Cause: The information in this file is inconsistent with information from the control file. See accompanying message for reason.

    Action: Make certain that the database files and control files are the correct files for this database.

ORA-01123 cannot start online backup; media recovery not enabled

    Cause: An attempt to start backup of an online tablespace failed because media recovery is not enabled.

    Action: Enable media recovery and retry this operation.

ORA-01124 cannot recover data file string - file is in use or recovery

    Cause: An attempt to do media recovery found that the file was not available for recovery. Either it is online and the database is open in some instance, or another process is currently doing media recovery on the file.

    Action: Do not do media recovery.

ORA-01125 cannot disable media recovery - file string has online backup set

    Cause: An attempt to disable media recovery found that an online backup is still in progress.

    Action: End the backup of the offending tablespace and retry this command.

ORA-01126 database must be mounted EXCLUSIVE and not open for this operation

    Cause: An operation failed because the database was not mounted in exclusive mode.

    Action: Shut down Oracle and mount the database in exclusive mode.

ORA-01127 database name 'string' exceeds size limit of string characters

    Cause: The specified database name is too long.

    Action: Shorten the database name to eight characters or fewer, then retry the operation.

ORA-01128 cannot start online backup - file string is offline

    Cause: An attempt to start an online backup found that one of the files is offline.

    Action: Bring the offending files online and retry this command or do a cold backup.

ORA-01129 user's default or temporary tablespace does not exist

    Cause: The user's default or temporary tablespace was dropped.

    Action: Reassign the default or temporary tablespace.

ORA-01130 database file version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: The named datafile was created under an incompatible version of Oracle, or the file is invalid or non-existent.

    Action: Shut down and restart the correct version of Oracle or check the references to the datafile and make sure it exists.

ORA-01131 DB_FILES system parameter value string exceeds limit of string

    Cause: The specified value of the initialization parameter DB_FILES is too large.

    Action: Reduce the value of the DB_FILES parameter and retry the operation.

ORA-01132 length of database file name 'string' exceeds limit of string characters

    Cause: The specified datafile name is too long.

    Action: Shorten the file name and retry the operation.

ORA-01133 length of log file name 'string' exceeds limit of string characters

    Cause: The specified redo log file name is too long.

    Action: Shorten the file name and retry the operation.

ORA-01134 database mounted exclusive by another instance

    Cause: An attempt to access a database failed because it is mounted in exclusive mode by another instance.

    Action: Either shut down the other instance or wait for the other instance to either close the database or mount it in parallel mode, before retrying the operation.

ORA-01135 file string accessed for DML/query is offline

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a datafile that is offline.

    Action: Bring the datafile back online.

ORA-01136 specified size of file string (string blocks) is less than original size of string blocks

    Cause: A file size was specified in the AS clause of the ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE statement, and the size was smaller than the size needed.

    Action: Create the file with a larger size.

ORA-01137 data file string is still in the middle of going offline

    Cause: It was not possible to get the lock for a file that is offline when attempting to bring it online. The most likely cause is that the lock is still held by the instance that is took it offline.

    Action: Wait for the other instance to release the lock on the file.

ORA-01138 database must either be open in this instance or not at all

    Cause: The requested operation cannot be done when the database is mounted but not open in this instance, and another instance has the database open.

    Action: Execute the operation in an open instance, open the database in this instance, or close the database in the other instances.

ORA-01139 RESETLOGS option only valid after an incomplete database recovery

    Cause: The RESETLOGS option was given in ALTER DATABASE OPEN, but there has been no incomplete recovery session.

    Action: Reissue the ALTER DATABASE OPEN statement without specifying '.

ORA-01140 cannot end online backup - all files are offline

    Cause: All the files were found to be offline when attempting to end an online backup.

    Action: No action required. Online backup does not need to be ended for this tablespace.

ORA-01141 error renaming data file string - new file 'string' not found

    Cause: An attempt to change a datafile's name in the control file failed because no file was found with the new name.

    Action: Make sure that the datafile has been properly renamed by the operating system and retry.

ORA-01142 cannot end online backup - none of the files are in backup

    Cause: None of the files were found to be in online backup when attempting to end an online backup.

    Action: No action required. Online backup does not need to be ended for this tablespace.

ORA-01143 cannot disable media recovery - file string needs media recovery

    Cause: An attempt to disable media recovery found a file that needs media recovery, thus media recovery cannot be disabled.

    Action: Recover the offending file or drop the tablespace it belongs to and retry this command.

ORA-01144 File size (string blocks) exceeds maximum of string blocks

    Cause: Specified file size is larger than maximum allowable size value.

    Action: Specify a smaller size.

ORA-01145 offline immediate disallowed unless media recovery enabled

    Cause: ALTER TABLESPACE ... OFFLINE IMMEDIATE or ALTER DATABASE DATAFILE ... OFFLINE is only allowed if the database is in ARCHIVELOG mode.

    Action: Take the tablespace offline as usual or do a shutdown abort before attempting the required operation. It is worthwhile reconsidering the backup strategy for the database. The attempted operations can be done if ARCHIVEREDO LOG mode is enabled.

ORA-01146 cannot start online backup - file string is already in backup

    Cause: An attempt was made to start an online backup, but an online backup was already started for one of the datafiles.

    Action: End the first backup before beginning another.

ORA-01147 SYSTEM tablespace file string is offline

    Cause: A file belonging to the SYSTEM tablespace has been marked offline by the database administrator. The database cannot be started until all SYSTEM tablespace files are online and can be opened.

    Action: Bring the file online.

ORA-01148 can not mount database PARALLEL without a lock manager installed

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount the database PARALLEL without the existence of a Lock Manager.

    Action: Mount the database in EXCLUSIVE mode.

ORA-01149 cannot shutdown - file string has online backup set

    Cause: An attempt to shut down normally found that an online backup is still in progress.

    Action: End the backup of the offending tablespace and retry this command.

ORA-01150 cannot prevent writes - file string has online backup set

    Cause: Tablespace cannot be taken offline or made read-only when online backup is running. Ending the backup entails writing the file header, which this operation, were it permitted, would prevent.

    Action: End the online backup and then take the tablespace offline or make it read-only.

ORA-01151 use media recovery to recover block, restore backup if needed

    Cause: Crash recovery or instance recovery could not apply a change to a block because it was not the next change. This can happen if the block was corrupted and then repaired during recovery. This message is usually accompanied by ORA-01172.

    Action: There is additional information for ORA-01172. Perform a RECOVER datafile for the file containing the block. If this does not resolve the problem, restore the file from a backup and recover it again.

ORA-01152 file string was not restored from a sufficiently old backup

    Cause: An incomplete recovery session was started, but an insufficient number of redo logs were applied to make the database consistent. This file is still in the future of the last redo log applied. The most likely cause of this message is forgetting to restore the file from backup before doing incomplete recovery.

    Action: Apply additional redo log files until the database is consistent or restore the datafiles from an older backup and repeat recovery.

ORA-01153 an incompatible media recovery is active

    Cause: Attempted to start an incompatible media recovery or open resetlogs during media recovery or RMAN backup . Media recovery sessions are incompatible if they attempt to recover the same data file. Incomplete media recovery or open resetlogs is incompatible with any media recovery. Backup or restore by RMAN is incompatible with open resetlogs.

    Action: Complete or cancel the other media recovery session or RMAN backup.

ORA-01154 database busy. Open, close, mount, and dismount not allowed now

    Cause: Some operation is in progress that expects the state of the instance to remain open or mounted.

    Action: Wait for the operation to complete and try again. If attempting a normal database shutdown, try SHUTDOWN ABORT.

ORA-01155 the database is being opened, closed, mounted or dismounted

    Cause: The attempted operation will not succeed while the instance is in one of the states mentioned in the message.

    Action: Wait for the open, close, mount, or dismount to complete and try again. If attempting a normal database shutdown, try SHUTDOWN ABORT.

ORA-01156 recovery in progress may need access to files

    Cause: Either media or instance recovery is in progress. The recovery may need access to the files that the attempted operation tried to use.

    Action: Wait for the recovery to complete and try again.

ORA-01157 cannot identify/lock data file string - see DBWR trace file

    Cause: The background process was either unable to find one of the data files or failed to lock it because the file was already in use. The database will prohibit access to this file but other files will be unaffected. However, the first instance to open the database will need to access all online data files. The accompanying error from the operating system describes why the file could not be identified.

    Action: At the operating system level, make the file available to the database. Then either open the database or do an ALTER SYSTEM CHECK DATAFILES.

ORA-01158 database string already mounted

    Cause: Another instance has a database by this name mounted.

    Action: Find which instance is still running. Perhaps you have not lost the control files after all.

ORA-01159 file is not from same database as previous files - wrong database id

    Cause: Not all of the files specified in CREATE CONTROLFILE are from the same database. The database ID of this file does not match that from the first file specified.

    Action: Check the list of files provided to the CREATE.

ORA-01160 file is not a string

    Cause: The named file in the DATAFILE or LOGFILE section of the CREATE CONTROLFILE command does not appear to be as stated.

    Action: Check the mentioned file.

ORA-01161 database name string in file header does not match given name of string

    Cause: The database name given at the command line does not match the database name found in the file header.

    Action: Chance are good that the database name specified at the command line is incorrect. Resolve the discrepancy, and resubmit the command. If you are attempting to change the database name, be sure to use the SET DATABASE option.

ORA-01162 block size string in file header does not match configured block sizes

    Cause: CREATE CONTROLFILE discovered that the block size for this file is incompatible with any of the configured cache blocksizes in the initialization parameter file.

    Action: Configure the appropriate cache for this block size using one of the (DB_2K_cache_size, DB_4K_cache_size, DB_8K_cache_size, DB_16K_cache_size, DB_32K_cache_size) parameters.

ORA-01163 SIZE clause indicates string (blocks), but should match header string

    Cause: The size specified in bytes in the SIZE clause of the CREATE CONTROLFILE statement does not equate to the number of blocks recorded in the header.

    Action: Specify the correct file name and size (in bytes).

ORA-01164 MAXLOGFILES may not exceed string

    Cause: MAXLOGFILES specified on the command line too large.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a smaller value for MAXLOGFILES.

ORA-01165 MAXDATAFILES may not exceed string

    Cause: MAXDATAFILES specified on the command line too large.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a smaller value for MAXDATAFILES.

ORA-01166 file number string is larger than string (string)

    Cause: File mentioned in CREATE CONTROLFILE has a file number which is larger than that specified for MAXDATAFILES or MAXLOGFILES.

    Action: Increase the maximum specified on the command line.

ORA-01167 two files are the same file/group number or the same file

    Cause: There is an overlap of file numbers in the files specified on the command line or the same file is specified twice. If they are not the exact same file then one is likely to be a backup of the other. If they are two members of the same log they must be specified together in a group file specification. This message will also appear if the same control file appears more than once in the CONTROL_FILES parameter in the INIT.ORA file. If this happens, check for additional error messages.

    Action: Confirm that the file mentioned is not a repeat of a file already mentioned in the command. If they are different files then omit the earlier backup. If they are members of the same log, insure they are in the same group file specification. If this message appears because of a duplicate control file, check the CONTROL_FILES parameter in the INIT.ORA file and see if a file is specified more than once. If all files names appear to be unique, check to make sure that the actual control files themselves are unique. For example, in UNIX check for a symbolic or a hard link to another control file in the list.

ORA-01168 physical block size string does not match size string of other members

    Cause: The file is located on a device with a different physical block size than the other members in the group.

    Action: Use a physical device with matching block size.

ORA-01169 DATAFILE number 1 not found. Must be present

    Cause: Datafile number 1 was not specified in a CREATE CONTROLFILE command.

    Action: Locate datafile number 1 and resubmit the CREATE CONTROLFILE command.

ORA-01170 file not found 'string'

    Cause: A file specified in the CREATE CONTROLFILE statement was not found. All datafiles and all redo log files, if NORESETLOGS was used, must be accessible by the process that issues the CREATE CONTROLFILE statement.

    Action: Check the statement for a typing mistake in the file name and check for the existence of all files. Then issue the statement again after correcting the file names.

ORA-01171 datafile string going offline due to error advancing checkpoint

    Cause: The checkpoint in the file header could not be advanced. See accompanying errors for the reason. The datafile will be taken offline the same as for a write error of a data block.

    Action: See accompanying errors for details. Restore access to the file, do media recovery, and bring it back online.

ORA-01172 recovery of thread string stuck at block string of file string

    Cause: Crash recovery or instance recovery could not apply a change to a block because it was not the next change. This can happen if the block was corrupted and then repaired during recovery.

    Action: Do a RECOVER DATAFILE for the file containing the block. If this does not resolve the problem, then restore the file from a backup and recover it.

ORA-01173 data dictionary indicates missing data file from system tablespace

    Cause: One of the following:

        * The database is recovered to a point in time in the future of the control file.
        * A datafile from the system tablespace is omitted from the issued CREATE CONTROLFILE statement.

    Action: One of the following:

        * Recover the database from a more recent control file.
        * Re-create the control file, ensuring all datafiles are included for the system tablespace in the command line.


ORA-01174 DB_FILES is string buts needs to be string to be compatible

    Cause: The maximum number of database files supported by this instance is not the same as for the other instances. All instances must be able to open all the files any instance can open.

    Action: Change the value of the DB_FILES parameter to be compatible.

ORA-01175 data dictionary has more than the string files allowed by the instance

    Cause: The data dictionary is found to have more files than that which can be supported by this instance.

    Action: Shut down the instance and restart with a larger value for DB_FILES.

ORA-01176 data dictionary has more than the string files allowed by the controlfie

    Cause: After a CREATE CONTROLFILE, the data dictionary was found to have more datafiles than that supported by the control file.

    Action: Re-create the control file with a larger value for MAXDATAFILES.

ORA-01177 data file does not match dictionary - probably old incarnation

    Cause: When comparing the control file with the data dictionary after a CREATE CONTROLFILE or OPEN RESETLOGS, it was noted that this datafile was inconsistent with the dictionary. Most likely the file is a backup of a file that was dropped from the database, and the same file number was reused for a new file. It may also be that an incomplete recovery stopped at a time when this file number was used for another datafile.

    Action: Do a CREATE CONTROLFILE with the correct file or none at all.

ORA-01178 file string created before last CREATE CONTROLFILE, cannot recreate

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE to re-create a datafile that existed at the last CREATE CONTROL file command. The information needed to re-create the file was lost with the control file that existed when the file was added to the database.

    Action: Find a backup of the file, and recover it. Do incomplete recovery to time before file was originally created.

ORA-01179 file string does not exist

    Cause: During datafile recovery, a file was listed that was not part of the database.

    Action: Recheck the file name. Remember to use single quotation marks at the SQL*DBA command line. Remember also that the file name is translated in the operating environment of SQL*DBA.

ORA-01180 can not create datafile 1

    Cause: An attempt was made to create datafile 1 using ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE.

    Action: Recover file from a backup or re-create the database.

ORA-01181 file string created before last RESETLOGS, cannot recreate

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE to re-create a datafile that existed at the last RESETLOGS database open.

    Action: Find a backup of the file, and recover it. Do incomplete recovery to time before file was originally created.

ORA-01182 cannot create database file string - file is in use or recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE to re-create a datafile that is online in an open instance or is being recovered.

    Action: Close database in all instances and end all recovery sessions.

ORA-01183 cannot mount database in SHARED mode

    Cause: Some other instance has the database mounted exclusive.

    Action: Shut down the other instance and then mount shared.

ORA-01184 logfile group string already exists

    Cause: An ALTER DATABASE ADD LOGFILE statement specified a log number for the new log which is already in use.

    Action: Specify a different log file number, or let the database choose an unused value.

ORA-01185 logfile group number string is invalid

    Cause: An ALTER DATABASE ADD LOGFILE statement specified a log number for the new log which is too large.

    Action: Specify a correct log file number.

ORA-01186 file string failed verification tests

    Cause: The datafile did not pass the checks to insure it is part of the database. See the accompanying error messages for the reason the verification failed.

    Action: Make the correct file available to the database. Then, either open the database, or execute ALTER SYSTEM CHECK DATAFILES.

ORA-01187 cannot read from file string because it failed verification tests

    Cause: The datafile did not pass the checks to insure it is part of the database. Reads are not allowed until it is verified.

    Action: Make the correct file available to the database. Then, either open the database, or execute ALTER SYSTEM CHECK DATAFILES.

ORA-01188 Block size string in header does not match physical block size string

    Cause: A log file member given to CREATE CONTROLFILE is on a physical device that has a different block size than the device originally used to create the log.

    Action: Move the file to a device with the correct block size or use the RESETLOGS option to CREATE CONTROLFILE.

ORA-01189 file is from a different RESETLOGS than previous files

    Cause: In a CREATE CONTROLFILE command, either this file or all previous files were backups from before the last RESETLOGS. This may also occur if this is a file that is offline and has been offline since before the last RESETLOGS.

    Action: If the file was taken offline normal before the last RESETLOGS, and is still offline, omit it from the CREATE CONTROLFILE command. Rename and online the file after the database is open. Otherwise find the version of the mentioned file consistent with the rest of the datafiles and resubmit the command.

ORA-01190 controlfile or data file string is from before the last RESETLOGS

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a datafile when the log reset information in the file does not match the control file. Either the datafile or the control file is a backup that was made before the most recent ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS.

    Action: Restore file from a more recent backup.

ORA-01191 file string is already offline - cannot do a normal offline

    Cause: When attempting to do a normal tablespace offline, it was discovered that one of the files in the tablespace was already offline.

    Action: Either bring the datafile online first, or use another tablespace offline option.

ORA-01192 must have at least one enabled thread

    Cause: At least two redo log files from at least one thread must be specified in the CREATE CONTROLFILE command line.

    Action: Find the missing redo log files and retry the command with the newly found redo log files included in the command line.

ORA-01193 file string is not the same file seen at start of recovery

    Cause: A different copy of the file was accessed the last time media recovery looked at the file header. A backup of the file was restored or the meaning of the file name changed during recovery.

    Action: Ensure the correct file is available, and then retry recovery.

ORA-01194 file string needs more recovery to be consistent

    Cause: An incomplete recovery session was started, but an insufficient number of logs were applied to make the file consistent. The reported file was not closed cleanly when it was last opened by the database. It must be recovered to a time when it was not being updated. The most likely cause of this error is forgetting to restore the file from a backup before doing incomplete recovery.

    Action: Either apply more logs until the file is consistent or restore the file from an older backup and repeat recovery.

ORA-01195 online backup of file string needs more recovery to be consistent

    Cause: An incomplete recovery session was started, but an insufficient number of logs were applied to make the file consistent. The reported file is an online backup which must be recovered to the time the backup ended.

    Action: Either apply more logs until the file is consistent or restore the database files from an older backup and repeat recovery.

ORA-01196 file string is inconsistent due to a failed media recovery session

    Cause: The file was being recovered but the recovery did not terminate normally. This left the file in an inconsistent state. No more recovery was successfully completed on this file.

    Action: Either apply more logs until the file is consistent or restore the backup again and repeat recovery.

ORA-01197 thread string only contains one log

    Cause: During CREATE CONTROLFILE all threads represented in the logs must be represented by at least two logs. A "last log" and a second log. The named thread does not contain two such logs.

    Action: Either find more logs from the named thread. Or use the RESETLOGS option to CREATE CONTROLFILE.

ORA-01198 must specify size for log file if RESETLOGS

    Cause: File sizes must be given for all log files if doing a CREATE CONTROLFILE with the RESETLOGS option.

    Action: Resubmit the command with the appropriate log file size.

ORA-01199 file string is not in online backup mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to end an online backup for a file that is not in online backup.

    Action: Do not enter command since it is not needed.

ORA-01200 actual file size of string is smaller than correct size of string blocks

    Cause: The size of the file as returned by the operating system is smaller than the size of the file as indicated in the file header and the control file. Somehow the file has been truncated. Maybe it is the result of a half completed copy.

    Action: Restore a good copy of the datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01201 file string header failed to write correctly

    Cause: An I/O error was reported for the file header. The error was trapped and a second attempt will be made.

    Action: The file probably will require recovery. Further error messages will indicate what is needed.

ORA-01202 wrong incarnation of this file - wrong creation time

    Cause: The creation time in the file header is not the same as the creation time in the control file. This is probably a copy of a file that was dropped.

    Action: Restore a current copy of the datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01203 wrong incarnation of this file - wrong creation SCN

    Cause: The creation SCN in the file header is not the same as the creation SCN in the control file. This is probably a copy of a file that was dropped.

    Action: Restore a current copy of the datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01204 file number is string rather than string - wrong file

    Cause: The file number in the file header is not correct. This is probably a restored backup of the wrong file, but from the same database.

    Action: Restore a copy of the correct datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01205 not a data file - type number in header is string

    Cause: The file type in the header is not correct for a datafile. This is probably a log file or control file. If the type is not a small non-zero positive number then the header is corrupted.

    Action: Restore a copy of the correct datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01206 file is not part of this database - wrong database id

    Cause: The database ID in the file header does not match the database ID in the control file. The file may be from a different database, or it may not be a database file at all. If the database was rebuilt, this may be a file from before the rebuild. Note that if you see this error when the file is supposed to be plugged in from another database via the Transportable Tablespace feature, it means the database ID in the file header does not match the one expected.

    Action: Restore a copy of the correct datafile and do recovery as needed.

ORA-01207 file is more recent than controlfile - old controlfile

    Cause: The control file change sequence number in the datafile is greater than the number in the control file. This implies that the wrong control file is being used. Note that repeatedly causing this error can make it stop happening without correcting the real problem. Every attempt to open the database will advance the control file change sequence number until it is great enough.

    Action: Use the current control file or do BACKUP CONTROLFILE RECOVERY to make the control file current. Be sure to follow all restrictions on doing a BACKUP CONTROLFILE RECOVERY.

ORA-01208 data file is an old version - not accessing current version

    Cause: The checkpoint in the file header is less recent than in the control file. If opening a database that is already open by another instance, or if another instance just brought this file online, the file accessed by this instance is probably a different version. Otherwise, a backup of the file probably was restored while the file was in use.

    Action: Make the correct file available to the database. Then, either open the database, or execute ALTER SYSTEM CHECK DATAFILES.

ORA-01209 data file is from before the last RESETLOGS

    Cause: The reset log data in the file header does not match the control file. If the database is closed or the file is offline, the backup is old because it was taken before the last ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS statement. If opening a database that is open already by another instance, or if another instance just brought this file online, the file accessed by this instance is probably a different version. Otherwise, a backup of the file probably was restored while the file was in use.

    Action: Make the correct file available to the database. Then, either open the database or execute ALTER SYSTEM CHECK DATAFILES.

ORA-01210 data file header is media corrupt

    Cause: The file header block is internally inconsistent. The beginning of the block has a header with a checksum and other data for insuring the consistency of the block. It is possible that the last disk write did not operate correctly. The most likely problem is that this is not a datafile for any database.

    Action: Have operating system make correct file available to database. If the trace file dump indicates that only the checksum is wrong, restore from a backup and do media recovery.

ORA-01211 Oracle7 data file is not from migration to Oracle8

    Cause: The file is not a copy of the file LAST used under Oracle7. This datafile is either a backup taken from before the migration, or the database was opened by Oracle7 after the migration utility was run. When converting a database from Oracle7 to Oracle8, the migration program MUST be the LAST utility to access the database under Oracle7. Only the datafiles that were current when the migration was done may be accessed by Oracle8.

    Action: Have operating system make correct datafile available to database, or repeat the Oracle7 to Oracle8 migration. Make sure that database is NOT opened after migration utility is run.

ORA-01212 MAXLOGMEMBERS may not exceed string

    Cause: MAXLOGMEMBERS specified on the command line too large.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a smaller value for MAXLOGMEMBERS.

ORA-01213 MAXINSTANCES may not exceed string

    Cause: MAXINSTANCES specified on the command line too large.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a smaller value for MAXINSTANCES.

ORA-01214 MAXLOGHISTORY may not exceed string

    Cause: MAXLOGHISTORY specified on the command line too large.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a smaller value for MAXLOGHISTORY.

ORA-01215 enabled thread string is missing after CREATE CONTROLFILE

    Cause: A CREATE CONTROLFILE statement was given which did not list all the enabled threads for the database.

    Action: Reissue the CREATE CONTROLFILE statement, including all enabled threads.

ORA-01216 thread string is expected to be disabled after CREATE CONTROLFILE

    Cause: A thread that was given during CREATE CONTROLFILE is enabled, but the datafiles indicate that it should be disabled. This is probably because the logs supplied to the CREATE CONTROLFILE are old (from before the disabling of the thread).

    Action: This thread is not required to run the database. The CREATE CONTROLFILE statement can be reissued without the problem thread, and, if desired, the thread can be re-created after the database is open.

ORA-01217 logfile member belongs to a different logfile group

    Cause: A member of a multiple-member log file group specified in a CREATE CONTROLFILE is not part of the same group as previous members.

    Action: Group together the correct members for the CREATE CONTROLFILE command.

ORA-01218 logfile member is not from the same point-in-time

    Cause: A member of a multiple-member log file group is from a different point in time. One of the members specified may be an older (backup) copy of the log.

    Action: Find the correct version of the log, or leave it out of the CREATE CONTROLFILE command.

ORA-01219 database not open: queries allowed on fixed tables/views only

    Cause: A query was issued against an object not recognized as a fixed table or fixed view before the database has been opened.

    Action: Re-phrase the query to include only fixed objects, or open the database.

ORA-01220 file based sort illegal before database is open

    Cause: A query issued against a fixed table or view required a temporary segment for sorting before the database was open. Only in-memory sorts are supported before the database is open.

    Action: Re-phrase the query to avoid a large sort, increase the values of the SORT_AREA_SIZE and/or SORT_AREA_RETAINED_SIZE initialization parameters to enable the sort to be done in memory.

ORA-01221 data file string is not the same file to a background process

    Cause: When the database writer opens the datafile, it is accessing a different physical file than the foreground doing the recovery. The timestamp set in the file header by the foreground was not found by the background. It may be that the background process could not read the file at all.

    Action: Look in the DBWR trace file for the error it received when attempting to read the file header. Reconfigure the operating system as needed to have the file name successfully access the same file when opened by a background process.

ORA-01222 MAXINSTANCES of string requires MAXLOGFILES be at least string, not string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a database or control file that does not have room for at least two logs per thread of redo. A thread of redo must have two online logs in order to be enabled. It does not make sense to allow more redo threads than can be supported by the logs.

    Action: Either reduce the MAXINSTANCES argument or increase the value of MAXLOGFILES.

ORA-01223 RESETLOGS must be specified to set a new database name

    Cause: The SET database name option was specified to CREATE CONTROLFILE, but RESETLOGS was not specified. The database name can only be changed when opening the database with RESETLOGS.

    Action: Either add the RESETLOGS option or drop the SET option to CREATE CONTROLFILE.

ORA-01224 group number in header string does not match GROUP string

    Cause: Group number specified at CREATE CONTROLFILE does not match the group number stored in the header. Most likely the specification is wrong.

    Action: Omit the GROUP option or give the correct one.

ORA-01225 thread number string is greater than MAXINSTANCES string

    Cause: The log is for a thread greater than the MAXINSTANCES argument.

    Action: Increase the value for MAXINSTANCES and resubmit the command.

ORA-01226 file header of log member is inconsistent with other members

    Cause: The log file member in the accompanying error is for the same group as the previous members, but other fields in the header are different. Either a file header is corrupted, or some file is a member of a deleted log.

    Action: Find the correct log member or omit this member from the command.

ORA-01227 log string is inconsistent with other logs

    Cause: The log file in the accompanying error is inconsistent with the contents of other logs given in the CREATE CONTROLFILE command. Either a file header is corrupted, or some file is an old copy rather than the current version. The problem may not be with the log listed since all that can be detected is that there is an inconsistency. All log files listed in the command must be the current versions of the online logs.

    Action: Find the correct online logs or use the RESETLOGS option.

ORA-01228 SET DATABASE option required to install seed database

    Cause: The SET DATABASE option was not included in the CREATE CONTROLFILE command when installing a seed database. The database does not have a database ID because it is intended to be installed at multiple sites, and each site needs to be a different database with its own database id. Both the SET DATABASE and RESETLOGS options must be specified to create the control file for this database.

    Action: Resubmit command with the SET DATABASE and RESETLOGS options.

ORA-01229 data file string is inconsistent with logs

    Cause: The datafile in the accompanying error is inconsistent with the contents of the logs given in the CREATE CONTROLFILE command. The most likely cause is that one or more of the online logs was missing from the command. It is also possible that one or more of the logs is an old copy rather than the current version. All online log files must be listed in the command and must be the current versions of the online logs.

    Action: Find the correct online logs or use the RESETLOGS option.

ORA-01230 cannot make read only - file string is offline

    Cause: An attempt to make a tablespace read only found that one of its files is offline.

    Action: Bring the file online and retry this command.

ORA-01231 cannot make read write - file string is offline

    Cause: An attempt to make a tablespace read write found that one of its files is offline.

    Action: Bring the file online and retry this command.

ORA-01232 cannot start online backup - file string is read only

    Cause: An attempt to start an online backup found that one of the files is marked read only. Read-only files do not need to be set into online backup mode.

    Action: Make the backup without the begin backup command.

ORA-01233 file string is read only - cannot recover using backup controlfile

    Cause: An attempt to do media recovery using a backup control file found that one of the files is marked read only. Read-only files do not normally need to be recovered, but recovery with a backup control file must recover all online files.

    Action: If the file really is read only, take it offline before the recovery, and bring the read-only tablespace online after the database is open. If the file does need recovery use a control file from the time the file was read-write. If the correct control file is not available, use CREATE CONTROLFILE to make one.

ORA-01234 cannot end backup of file string - file is in use or recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to end an online backup of file when the file is busy. Some operation such as recovery or rename may be active, or there may still be some instance that has the database open with this file online.

    Action: If there is an instance with the database open then the backup can be ended there by using the ALTER TABLESPACE command. Otherwise wait for the completion of the other operation.

ORA-01235 END BACKUP failed for string file(s) and succeeded for string

    Cause: One or more of the files in an end backup command failed. Some other files given in the same command may have succeeded.

    Action: See the accompanying error messages for the reason the backups could not be ended. Any files not listed in the error messages were successful.

ORA-01236 Error string occurred during initialization of file header access

    Cause: The indicated error occurred while doing initialization processing of file headers.

    Action: The error indicated should be corrected. An attempt is made to recover from this error by using a slower access algorithm.

ORA-01237 cannot extend datafile string

    Cause: An operating system error occurred during the resize.

    Action: Fix the cause of the operating system error and retry the command.

ORA-01238 cannot shrink datafile string

    Cause: An operating system error occurred during the resize.

    Action: The error is ignored, operation continues normally.

ORA-01239 database must be in ARCHIVELOG mode to use external cache

    Cause: An online file uses an external cache, but the database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode. Since an external cache may require media recovery this cannot be allowed.

    Action: Change database to be in ARCHIVELOG mode or do not use an external cache.

ORA-01240 too many data files to add in one command

    Cause: The command specifies adding more datafiles than can be done in one command. It is necessary to fit all the file names into one log entry, but that would make the entry too large.

    Action: If this is a CREATE TABLESPACE command, create with fewer files then add the other files later. If this is an ADD DATAFILE command, break it up into multiple commands.

ORA-01241 an external cache has died

    Cause: The external cache may have been restarted.

    Action: Take the file mentioned in the error stack offline, perform media recovery, bring the file online, and retry the attempted operation. You may also restart all instances to make sure they access all datafiles through consistent external caches.

ORA-01242 data file suffered media failure: database in NOARCHIVELOG mode

    Cause: The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode and a database file was detected as inaccessible due to media failure.

    Action: Restore accessibility to the file mentioned in the error stack and restart the instance.

ORA-01243 system tablespace file suffered media failure

    Cause: A system tablespace file was detected as inaccessible due to media failure.

    Action: Restore accessibility to the file mentioned in the error stack and restart the instance.

ORA-01244 unnamed datafile(s) added to controlfile by media recovery

    Cause: Media recovery with a backup control file or a control file that was rebuilt, encountered the creation of a datafile that was not in the control file. An entry has been added to the control file for the new datafiles, but with the file name UNNAMEDnnnn, where nnnn is the file number. Attached errors describe the file names that were originally used to create the files.

    Action: Rename the files to valid file names and resume recovery. If necessary the ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE statement may be used to create a file suitable for recovery and do the rename. If the file is not going to be recovered then take it offline with the FOR DROP option.

ORA-01245 offline file string will be lost if RESETLOGS is done

    Cause: An attempt was made to do an OPEN RESETLOGS with a file that will be lost because it is offline. The file was not taken offline with the FOR DROP option.

    Action: Either bring the file online and recover it, or take it offline with the FOR DROP option.

ORA-01246 recovering files through TSPITR of tablespace string

    Cause: The files named in the accompanying errors are backups that were made before a tablespace point in time recovery of this tablespace. They cannot be recovered to a time after the point in time recovery.

    Action: Restore more recent backups and recover them.

ORA-01247 database recovery through TSPITR of tablespace string

    Cause: Recovery of the whole database encountered redo indicating there was a point in time recovery of the tablespace. The new version of the files in the tablespace should be included in the recovery, but that was not done.

    Action: If the tablespace should not be recovered, take its file offline for drop. If it should be recovered, then restore or rename as needed and restart the recovery.

ORA-01248 file string was created in the future of incomplete recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to do a RESETLOGS open with a file entry in the control file that was originally created after the UNTIL time of the incomplete recovery. Allowing such an entry may hide the version of the file that is needed at this time. The file number may be in use for a different file which would be lost if the RESETLOGS was allowed.

    Action: If more recovery is desired then apply redo until the creation time of the file is reached. If the file is not wanted and the same file number is not in use at the stop time of the recovery, then the file can be taken offline with the FOR DROP option. Otherwise a different control file is needed to allow the RESETLOGS. Another backup can be restored and recovered, or a control file can be created via CREATE CONTROLFILE.

ORA-01249 archiving not allowed in a clone database

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive an online redo log or enable archiving for a clone database.

    Action: Do not attempt to archive from a clone. The archive log destination could easily be the same as the primary database destroying its archived logs. If archiving is needed, then re-create the database not as a clone.

ORA-01250 Error string occurred during termination of file header access

    Cause: The indicated error occurred while terminating the processing of file headers. The error was other than a write error.

    Action: The indicated error should be corrected.

ORA-01251 Unknown File Header Version read for file number string

    Cause: Read of the file header returned a record but its version cannot be identified. Either the header has been corrupted, or the file is not a valid database file.

    Action: Have the operating system make the correct file available to the database, or recover the file.

ORA-01252 cannot prevent writes - file string in recovery manager backup

    Cause: An attempt to make a tablespace read only or offline normal found that a recovery manager proxy backup is in progress. If the file is made offline or read only, then the file header cannot be updated when the backup is complete.

    Action: Wait for the Recovery Manager backup to complete and retry this command.

ORA-01253 cannot start online backup - file string in recovery manager backup

    Cause: The specified file is being backed up by Recovery Manager.

    Action: Wait for the Recovery Manager proxy backup to complete before starting another backup.

ORA-01254 cannot end online backup - file string in recovery manager backup

    Cause: The specified file is being backed up by Recovery Manager.

    Action: Wait for the Recovery Manager proxy backup to complete. Recovery Manager backup mode cannot be initiated or terminated manually.

ORA-01255 cannot shutdown - file string in recovery manager backup

    Cause: An attempt to shut down normally found that a Recovery Manager backup is still in progress.

    Action: Wait for the Recovery Manager proxy backup to complete and retry this command.

ORA-01256 error in locking database file string

    Cause: The file is in use by another database instance.

    Action: Determine which database instance legitimately owns the file.

ORA-01257 cannot reuse database file string, unknown file size

    Cause: The size of the raw partion cannot be determined.

    Action: Add the datafile/logfile by specifying the size parameter.

ORA-01258 unable to delete temporary file string

    Cause: A DROP TABLESPACE INCLUDING CONTENTS AND DATAFILES or ALTER DATABASE TEMPFILE DROP INCLUDING DATAFILES operation was not able to delete a temporary file in the database.

    Action: Subsequent errors describe the operating system error that prevented the file deletion. Fix the problem, if possible, and manually purge the file.

ORA-01259 unable to delete datafile string

    Cause: A DROP TABLESPACE INCLUDING CONTENTS AND DATAFILES operation was not able to delete a datafile in the tablespace.

    Action: Subsequent errors describe the operating system error that prevented the file deletion. Fix the problem, if possible, and manually purge the file.

ORA-01260 may not issue ALTER DATABASE END BACKUP when database is open

    Cause: ALTER DATABASE END BACKUP was issued while the database was open.

    Action: Either use ALTER DATABASE DATAFILE <filename> END BACKUP to end backup for specific files, or ALTER TABLESPACE <name> END BACKUP if backup is complete for all files in a tablespace.

ORA-01261 Parameter string destination string cannot be translated

    Cause: The value for the specified parameter contained a destination string that could not be translated.

    Action: Use a valid destination string in the specified parameter.

ORA-01262 Stat failed on a file destination directory

    Cause: Unable to get information about an Oracle Managed Files destination directory.

    Action: Check the permissions on the directory or use a different directory name.

ORA-01263 Name given for file destination directory is invalid

    Cause: The name given for an Oracle Managed Files destination does not correspond to a directory.

    Action: Use a different name.

ORA-01264 Unable to create string file name

    Cause: Unable to create an Oracle Managed Files name for a datafile, logfile or control file.

    Action: Check previous error messages for the reason Oracle was unable to create the file name. Take corrective action, if possible, and retry the command.

ORA-01265 Unable to delete file string

    Cause: An error prevented the file from being deleted.

    Action: Subsequent errors describe the operating system error that prevented the file deletion. Fix the problem, if possible, and manually purge the file.

ORA-01266 Unable to create unique file name

    Cause: Unable to create a unique file name for an Oracle Managed Files datafile, logfile, or control file. Oracle tried several names but each file name was already in use in the default destination directory for the file type.

    Action: Retry the operation. If that fails, it may be necessary to change the default destination directory for the file type and then retry.

ORA-01267 Failure getting date/time

    Cause: Could not get date/time when trying to create unique file name.

    Action: Internal error - contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01268 invalid TEMPFILE clause for alter of permanent TABLESPACE

    Cause: A TEMPFILE clause was specified for an ALTER TABLESPACE for a permanent tablespace.

    Action: Retry with a DATAFILE clause.

ORA-01269 Destination parameter string is too long

    Cause: The value for DB_CREATE_FILE_DEST or DB_CREATE_ONLINE_LOG_DEST_n parameter is too long.

    Action: Replace the destination value for the specified parameter with a shorter character string.

ORA-01270 string operation is not allowed if STANDBY_PRESERVES_NAMES is true

    Cause: An operation that renames or adds/drops a file was attempted at a standby database and STANDBY_PRESERVES_NAMES is true.

    Action: Set STANDBY_PRESERVES_NAMES to false if the operation must be performed.

ORA-01271 Unable to create new file name for file string

    Cause: During standby database recovery an error occurred when trying to create a new file name for the indicated file.

    Action: Use the ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE command with a new unique name and then resume the standby database recovery.

ORA-01272 REUSE only allowed when a file name is provided

    Cause: The REUSE parameter was specified in a command without a file name.

    Action: Either supply a file name or remove the REUSE parameter.

ORA-01273 STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT = AUTO needs COMPATIBLE = string or higher

    Cause: The COMPATIBLE initialization parameter was not set to the correct value for setting STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT to AUTO.

    Action: Restart the instance with COMPATIBLE set to the correct release.

ORA-01274 cannot add datafile 'string' - file could not be created

    Cause: Automated standby file management was enabled but an added file could not automatically be created on the standby. The error from the creation attempt is displayed in another message. The controlfile file entry for the file will be 'UNNAMEDnnnnn'.

    Action: Temporarily set STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT to MANUAL and use the ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE statement to create the file. Then set STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT to AUTO and restart standby recovery.

ORA-01275 Operation string is not allowed if standby file management is automatic.

    Cause: An operation that renames, adds, or drops a file was attempted at a standby database and STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT was set to AUTO.

    Action: Set STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT to MANUAL if the operation must be performed.

ORA-01276 Cannot add file string. File has an Oracle Managed Files file name.

    Cause: An attempt was made to add to the database a datafile, log file, or control file with an Oracle Managed Files file name.

    Action: Retry the operation with a new file name.

ORA-01277 file 'string' already exists

    Cause: An ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE TO TRACE AS 'filename' statement specified a file name which is already in use.

    Action: Either specify a different file name or add the REUSE parameter to the statement to overwrite the existing file.

ORA-01278 error creating file 'string'

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to create a trace file specified in the ALTER DATABASE BACKUP CONTROLFILE TO TRACE AS 'filename' statement.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01279 DB_FILES too large

    Cause: DB_FILES has been set too high to be supported by the system.

    Action: Decrease the value of DB_FILES.

ORA-01280 Fatal LogMiner Error.

    Cause: On of the following:

        * One or more input parameters in the DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() procedure may be invalid.
        * The start or the end SCN may not be available in the log files selected.
        * The dictionary file specified may be from a different database than the one that generated the log files.
        * LogMiner may have encountered an internal error from which it cannot recover.

    Action: Check to see whether the input parameters are valid. The V$LOGMNR_LOGS view can be queried to see the SCN ranges that are valid for the set of log files specified, and the DB_ID of the database that generated the log files.

ORA-01281 SCN range specified in dbms_logmnr.start_logmnr() is invalid

    Cause: StartSCN may be greater than EndSCN, or the SCN specified may be invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid SCN range.

ORA-01282 date range specified in dbms_logmnr.start_logmnr() is invalid

    Cause: The specified Date value is invalid for the log file.

    Action: Specify a valid date range.

ORA-01283 Options specified is invalid

    Cause: The specified Options is invalid for the procedure.

    Action: Specify valid Options.

ORA-01284 file string cannot be opened

    Cause: The specified file cannot be opened.

    Action: Check to make sure the file or directory exists and is accessible.

ORA-01285 error reading file string

    Cause: The file or directory may not exist or is inaccessible.

    Action: Specify valid file or directory. Make sure that file and directory are accessible.

ORA-01286 cannot add file string due to DB_ID mismatch

    Cause: The log file is produced by a different database than other log files already added to the list.

    Action: Specify a log file produced by the same database.

ORA-01287 file string is from a different database incarnation

    Cause: The logfile was produced by a different incarnation of the database.

    Action: Add a logfile that is produced by the same incarnation.

ORA-01288 file string is from a different database incarnation

    Cause: The logfile is produced by a different incarnation of the database.

    Action: Add a logfile that is produced by the same incarnation.

ORA-01289 cannot add duplicate logfile string

    Cause: The log file specified has already been added to the list of log files.

    Action: Specify a different log file.

ORA-01290 cannot remove unlisted logfile string

    Cause: The user attempted to remove a log file that is not present in the list.

    Action: Specify a valid logfile.

ORA-01291 missing logfile

    Cause: Not all logfiles corresponding to the data or scn range specified have been added to the list.

    Action: Check the v$logmnr_logs view to determine the missing scn range, and add the relevant logfiles.

ORA-01292 no log file has been specified for the current LogMiner session

    Cause: No log file has been specified for the LogMiner session.

    Action: Specify at least one log file.

ORA-01293 time or SCN range not fully contained in the listed logfiles

    Cause: The input date/SCN range is not fully contained within the log files specified for the session.

    Action: Select out of V$LOGMNR_LOGS view to check the date or SCN range covered by the log files specified for the LogMiner session, and reissue the procedure with appropriate date or SCN range.

ORA-01294 error occurred while processing information in dictionary file string, possible corruption

    Cause: The dictionary file is corrupt.

    Action: Get a new dictionary file.

ORA-01295 DB_ID mismatch between dictionary string and logfiles

    Cause: The dictionary file is produced by a database that is different from that produced the log files.

    Action: Specify a compatible dictionary file.

ORA-01296 character set mismatch between dictionary string and logfiles

    Cause: The character set of the database that produced the dictionary file is different from the character set of the database that produced the log files.

    Action: Specify a dictionary file with the same character set.

ORA-01297 redo version mismatch between dictionary string and logfiles

    Cause: The redo version of the database generating the dictionary is different from the one generating the logfiles.

ORA-01298 dictionary string and the earliest logfile are not SCN-compatible

    Cause: The dictionary materialized view was taken at a SCN that does not correspond to the creation SCN of the earliest logfile.

    Action: Get a correct dictionary materialized view.

ORA-01299 dictionary string corresponds to a different database incarnation

    Cause: The dictionary file was extracted from a different incarnation of the database.

    Action: Specify a dictionary file extracted from the correct database incarnation.

ORA-01300 enabled thread bit vector mismatch between dictionary string and the earliest logfile

ORA-01301 dbms_logmnr.USE_COLMAP can only be used with a valid dictionary

    Cause: DBMS_LOGMNR.USE_COLMAP can only be used with a valid dictionary.

    Action: Specify the dictionary file in DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR().

ORA-01302 syntax error in logmnr.opt file

    Cause: A syntax error was detected in the logmnr.opt file.

    Action: Use correct syntax.

ORA-01303 schema string, specified in logmnr.opt file, does not exist

    Cause: The schema specified does not exist.

    Action: Specify a correct schema or a compatible dictionary file.

ORA-01304 table string, schema string, specified in logmnr.opt file, does not exist

    Cause: The table specified in the logmnr.opt file does not exist in the dictionary provided to LogMiner.

    Action: Make sure that the table specified is valid.

ORA-01305 column string, specified in logmnr.opt file, does not exist in table string, schema string

    Cause: The column specified in the logmnr.opt file does not exist for the table definition in the dictionary provided for LogMiner.

    Action: Make sure that the column specified is valid.

ORA-01306 dbms_logmnr.start_logmnr() must be invoked before selecting from v$logmnr_contents

    Cause: A select was issued from V$LOGMNR_CONTENTS without first invoking the DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() procedure.

    Action: Invoke the DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() procedure before issuing a select from the V$LOGMNR_CONTENTS view.

ORA-01307 no LogMiner session is currently active

    Cause: A select was issued from V$LOGMNR_CONTENTS without first invoking the DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() procedure. Otherwise, DBMS_LOGMNR.END_LOGMNR() was called without a prior call to DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() or DBMS_LOGMNR.ADD_LOGFILE()

    Action: Invoke the DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR() procedure before issuing a select from the V$LOGMNR_CONTENTS view.

ORA-01308 initialization parameter utl_file_dir is not set

    Cause: UTL_FILE_DIR is not set in the initialization parameter file.

    Action: Set UTL_FILE_DIR to the appropriate directory.

ORA-01309 invalid session

    Cause: The specified Logminer session ID or session handle is invalid.

    Action: Use a valid Logminer session ID or session handle.

ORA-01310 requested return type not supported by the lcr_mine function

    Cause: The return type requested by the user is not supported by LCR_MINE.

    Action: Pick a return type supported by the LCR_MINE function.

ORA-01311 Illegal invocation of the mine_value function

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the MINE_VALUE function on a column other than redo_value or undo_value columns of SYS.V$LOGMNR_CONTENTS fixed table/view.

    Action: Rewrite the SQL statement with a legal invocation of MINE_VALUE.

ORA-01312 Specified table/column does not exist

    Cause: The table/column specified in the LCR_MINE call does not exist at the the specified SCN. The table/column definition has to exist at the start SCN specified for lcr_mine to be able to identify the table/column correctly.

    Action: Create a LogMiner session at a start SCN at which the table definition is available.

ORA-01313 LogMiner dictionary column type different from specified type

    Cause: The return type specified for the column in the LCR_MINE call is different from the actual type of the column.

    Action: Rewrite the LCR_MINE invocation with the right return type.

ORA-01314 Name of the column to be mined should be a string literal

    Cause: The fully qualified name of the column to be mined by the LogMiner functions should be string literal.

    Action: If the fully qualified name of the column to be mined is a.b.c.d, enclose the column name in quotes as in 'a.b.c.d'.

ORA-01315 Log file has been added or removed during select

    Cause: A redo log file has been added or removed while selecting on the v$logmnr_logs fixed view.

    Action: Re-issue the SQL select statement on the v$logmnr_logs view.

ORA-01316 Already attached to a Logminer session

    Cause: A Logminer attach session was issued while already attached to a Logminer session.

    Action: Detach from the current Logminer session and attach to the requested session.

ORA-01317 Not attached to a Logminer session

    Cause: A command or procedure was issued which requires an attached Logminer session.

    Action: Attach to a Logminer session before issuing the command or procedure.

ORA-01318 Logminer session not started

    Cause: Logminer activate session was called before prepare session.

ORA-01319 Invalid Logminer session attribute

    Cause: A session attribute was supplied which is invalid.

    Action: Re-issue with a valid session attribute.

ORA-01320 Invalid Logminer dictionary attribute

    Cause: A Logminer dictionary attribute was supplied which is invalid.

    Action: Re-issue with a valid dictionary attribute.

ORA-01321 SCN range not fully contained in the listed logfiles

    Cause: The input date/SCN range is not fully contained within the logfiles specified for the session.

    Action: select out of v$logmnr_logs view to check the date or SCN range covered by the logfiles specified for the LogMiner session , and reissue the procedure with appropriate date or SCN range.

ORA-01322 No such table

    Cause: An non-existent table was supplied to Logminer include_src_tbl() or exclude_src_table().

    Action: Re-issue with a valid table name.

ORA-01323 Invalid state

    Cause: A Logminer routine was called from the wrong state.

ORA-01324 cannot add file due to DB_ID mismatch

    Cause: The logfile was produced by a different database than other logfiles already added to the list.

    Action: Specify a logfile produced by the same database.

ORA-01325 archive log mode must be enabled to build into the logstream

    Cause: The database does not have archivelog mode enabled.

    Action: Ensure that initialization parameters enabling archivelog mode are set. For example:

    log_archive_start=true
    log_archive_dest="ORACLE_HOME/dbs"
    log_archive_format="archstring.log"

    Mount the database and issue commands to enable archivelog mode.

    startup pfile=initsid.ora mount
    ALTER DATABASE ARCHIVELOG
    ALTER DATABASE OPEN


ORA-01326 compatibility of 9.0.0 or greater required to build into the logstream

    Cause: The COMPATIBLE initialization parameter is set to some value less than 9.0.0.

    Action: Ensure that the COMPATIBLE initialization parameter is set to 9.0.0 or higher. For example:

    COMPATIBLE = 9.0.0.0.0


ORA-01327 failed to exclusively lock system dictionary as required by build

    Cause: Other users are performing DDL operations.

ORA-01328 only one build operation may occur at one time

    Cause: Another process is simultaneously attempting to run build().

    Action: Wait until the other process completes.

ORA-01329 unable to truncate required build table

    Cause: The table may be missing or locked by another user.

    Action: This error should not occur. If it does occur and there is reason to believe that required tables are missing, then as a last resort the package dbmslmd.sql may be reinstalled. Doing so will delete all existing Logminer Dictionary data.

ORA-01332 internal Logminer Dictionary error

    Cause: Unexpected error condition.

    Action: Check the trace file.

ORA-01333 failed to establish Logminer Dictionary

    Cause: No previously established Logminer Dictionary is available and a complete gather of a source system data dictionary was not found in the logstream. build() may not have been run to force the gathering of a source system data dictionary, or add_log_file() may not have been called to add all log files which contain the complete gathered system data dictionary.

    Action: If build() was not employed prior to this mining session, the Logminer Ad Hoc user may elect to employ an alternate dictionary such as the current system catalog or a previously built flat file dictionary. Other Logminer clients must run build() prior to mining. If build() has been run, ensure that all logfiles which comprise the gathered system dictionary have been added. The following query, run on the system which build() was run, can be helpful in identifying the required files.

    select DICTIONARY_BEGIN, DICTIONARY_END, name from v$archived_log;

    Minimally a set of files starting with one which has DICTIONARY_BEGIN = 'YES' and all subsequent log files through one which has DICTIONARY_END = \qYESmustbeadded.'

ORA-01336 specified dictionary file cannot be opened

    Cause: The dictionary file or directory does not exist or is inaccessible.

    Action: Make sure that the dictionary file and directory exist and are accessible.

ORA-01337 log file has a different compatibility version

    Cause: The logfile has a different compatibility version than the rest of the logfiles in the session.

    Action: Make sure that all logfiles in the session have the same compatibility version.

ORA-01338 Other process is attached to LogMiner session

    Cause: Can not do this when other process is attached to LogMiner session.

ORA-01339 logfile is too old

    Cause: An attempt was made to add an already processed logfile.

ORA-01340 NLS error

    Cause: Could not load NLS package.

ORA-01341 LogMiner out-of-memory

    Cause: The logfiles to be analyzed in the current LogMiner session require more system resources than what is currently available.

    Action: Reduce the number of logfiles to be analyzed for a given LogMiner session and try again.

ORA-01342 LogMiner can not resume session due to inability of staging checkpointed data

    Cause: Logminer can not resume session because there is not enough SGA memory available to read in checkpointed data. Logminer periodically checkpoints data to enable faster crash recovery.

    Action: Specify a bigger max_sga for the given LogMiner session and try again.

ORA-01344 LogMiner coordinator already attached

    Cause: A coordinator process is already attached to the specified logminer context.

    Action: Detach from the active coordinator session and retry the attach.

ORA-01345 Supplemental log data must be enabled to build into the logstream

    Cause: Supplemental log data must be enabled on this database instance.

    Action: Enable supplemental log data.

ORA-01346 Dependent LogMiner sessions relying on supplementally logged data exist

    Cause: LogMiner sessions exist on this database instance which rely on the existence of supplemental log data.

    Action: Destroy all LogMiner sessions on this instance which are mining log files from this same instance. Then reissue the command.

ORA-01347 Supplemental log data no longer found

    Cause: The source database instance producing log files for this LogMiner session was altered to no longer log supplemental data.

    Action: Destroy this Logminer session. Re-enable supplemental log data on the source system and create a new LogMiner session.

ORA-01350 must specify a tablespace name

    Cause: Invocation failed to specify either a dictionary tablespace or a spill tablespace.

    Action: Reformat invocation of DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE to include the name of one or more tablespaces.

        * NEW_TABLESPACE - A string naming an existing tablespace.

          Supply only this parameter to recreate all Logminer tables to employ this tablespace.
        * DICTIONARY_TABLESPACE - A string naming an existing tablespace.

          Supply this parameter when it is desired to place Logminer Dictionary data in a tablespace different from that where Logminer spill data is to be written. This parameter overrides the new_tablespace parameter with respect to Logminer Dictionary tables.
        * SPILL_TABLESPACE - a string naming an existing tablespace.

          Supply this parameter when it is desired to place Logminer spill data in a tablespace different from that where Logminer Dictionary data is to be written. This parameter overrides the new_tablespace parameter with respect to Logminer spill tables.


ORA-01351 tablespace given for Logminer dictionary does not exist

    Cause: The tablespace name given as either the NEW_TABLESPACE or the DICTIONARY_TABLESPACE parameter to DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling of the tablespace name. If the spelling is correct, then verify that the named tablespace has already been created. DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE will not create a tablespace.

ORA-01352 tablespace given for Logminer spill does not exist

    Cause: The tablespace name given as either the NEW_TABLESPACE or the SPILL_TABLESPACE parameter to DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling of the tablespace name. If the spelling is correct, then verify that the named tablespace has already been created. DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE will not create a tablespace.

ORA-01353 existing Logminer session

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE while Logminer sessions existed. In general DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE should be run before any Logminer activity has begun. If this error occurs, then this procedure has not been followed.

    Action: First cause all Logminer sessions to be destroyed. A Logminer session can exist as a result of executing DBMS_LOGMNR.START_LOGMNR or as the result of running a product such as Logical Standby or Streams which uses Logminer. Next, execute DBMS_LOGMNR_D.SET_TABLESPACE.

ORA-01370 Specified restart SCN is too old

    Cause: The specified restart scn is too old and Logminer could not find a proper checkpoint.

    Action: Specify a bigger restart SCN to try again.

ORA-01371 Complete LogMiner dictionary not found

    Cause: One or more log files containing the LogMiner dictionary was not found.

    Action: Add into LogMiner all log files containing the dictionary.

ORA-01372 Insufficient processes for specified LogMiner operation

    Cause: The number of processes requested by the caller can not be allocated.

    Action: Increase the number of parallel servers allocated to the instance.

ORA-01373 insufficient memory for staging persistent LogMiner session

    Cause: The maximum number of concurrent persistent LogMiner sessions allowed is limited by the LOGMNR_MAX_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS parameter. Not enough memory has been set aside at instance startup to allocate the new LogMiner session.

    Action: Increase LOGMNR_MAX_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS and restart the instance.

ORA-01374 LOG_PARALLELISM greater than 1 not supported in this release

    Cause: LogMiner does not mine redo records generated with LOG_PARALLELISM set to a value greater than 1.

ORA-01400 cannot insert NULL into (string)

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a NULL into the column "USER"."TABLE"."COLUMN".

    For example, if you enter:

    connect scott/tiger 
    create table a (a1 number not null); 
    insert into a values (null); 

    Oracle returns:

    ORA-01400 cannot insert NULL into ("SCOTT"."A"."A1") :  which means you 
    cannot insert NULL into "SCOTT"."A"."A1".

    Action: Retry the operation with a value other than NULL.

ORA-01401 inserted value too large for column

    Cause: The value entered is larger than the maximum width defined for the column.

    Action: Enter a value smaller than the column width or use the MODIFY option with ALTER TABLE to expand the column width.

ORA-01402 view WITH CHECK OPTION where-clause violation

    Cause: An INSERT or UPDATE statement was attempted on a view created with the CHECK OPTION. This would have resulted in the creation of a row that would not satisfy the view's WHERE clause.

    Action: Examine the view's WHERE clause in the dictionary table VIEWS. If the current view does not have the CHECK OPTION, then its FROM clause must reference a second view that is defined using the CHECK OPTION. The second view's WHERE clause must also be satisfied by any INSERT or UPDATE statements. To insert the row, it may be necessary to insert it directly into the underlying table, rather than through the view.

ORA-01403 no data found

    Cause: In a host language program, all records have been fetched. The return code from the fetch was +4, indicating that all records have been returned from the SQL query.

    Action: Terminate processing for the SELECT statement.

ORA-01404 ALTER COLUMN will make an index too large

    Cause: Increasing the length of a column would cause the combined length of the columns specified in a previous CREATE INDEX statement to exceed the maximum index length (255). The total index length is computed as the sum of the width of all indexed columns plus the number of indexed columns. Date fields are calculated as a length of 7, character fields are calculated at their defined width, and numeric fields are length 22.

    Action: The only way to alter the column is to drop the affected index. The index cannot be re-created if to do so would exceed the maximum index width.

ORA-01405 fetched column value is NULL

    Cause: The INTO clause of a FETCH operation contained a NULL value, and no indicator was used. The column buffer in the program remained unchanged, and the cursor return code was +2. This is an error unless you are running Oracle with DBMS=6, emulating version 6, in which case it is only a warning.

    Action: You may do any of the following:

        * Use the NVL function to convert the retrieved NULL to another value, such as zero or blank. This is the simplest solution.
        * Use an indicator to record the presence of the NULL. You probably should use this option when you want a specific action to be taken when a NULL arises.
        * Revise the cursor definition so that no columns possibly containing NULL values are retrieved.


ORA-01406 fetched column value was truncated

    Cause: In a host language program, a FETCH operation was forced to truncate a character string. The program buffer area for this column was not large enough to contain the entire string. The cursor return code from the fetch was +3.

    Action: Increase the column buffer area to hold the largest column value or perform other appropriate processing.

ORA-01407 cannot update (string) to NULL

    Cause: An attempt was made to update a table column "USER"."TABLE"."COLUMN" with a NULL value.

    For example, if you enter:

    connect scott/tiger 
    update table a (a1 number not null); 
    insert into a values (null); 

    Oracle returns:

    ORA-01407 cannot update ("SCOTT"."A"."A1") to NULL

    which means you cannot update the column "SCOTT"."A"."A1" to NULL.

    Action: Retry the operation with a value other than NULL.

ORA-01408 such column list already indexed

    Cause: A CREATE INDEX statement specified a column that is already indexed. A single column may be indexed only once. Additional indexes may be created on the column if it is used as a portion of a concatenated index, that is, if the index consists of multiple columns.

    Action: Do not attempt to re-index the column, as it is unnecessary. To create a concatenated key, specify one or more additional columns in the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-01409 NOSORT option may not be used; rows are not in ascending order

    Cause: Creation of index with NOSORT option when rows were not ascending. The NOSORT option may only be used for indexes on groups of rows that already are in ascending order.

    For non-unique indexes the ROWID is considered part of the index key. This means that two rows that appear to be stored in ascending order may not be. If you create an index NOSORT, and two of the rows in the table have the same index values, but get split across two extents, the data block address of the first block in the second extent can be less than the data block address of the last block in the first extent. If these addresses are not in ascending order, the ROWIDs are not either. Since these ROWIDs are considered part of the index key, the index key is not in ascending order, and the create index NOSORT fails.

    Action: Create the index without the NOSORT option or ensure that the table is stored in one extent.

ORA-01410 invalid ROWID

    Cause: A ROWID was entered incorrectly. ROWIDs must be entered as formatted hexadecimal strings using only numbers and the characters A through F. A typical ROWID format is '000001F8.0001.0006'.

    Action: Check the format, then enter the ROWID using the correct format. ROWID format: block ID, row in block, file ID.

ORA-01411 cannot store the length of column in the indicator

    Cause: An attempt was made to fetch a column of size more than 64K and could not store the length of the column in the given indicator of size 2 bytes.

    Action: Use the new bind type with call backs to fetch the long column.

ORA-01412 zero length not allowed for this datatype

    Cause: The length for type 97 is 0.

    Action: Specify the correct length.

ORA-01413 illegal value in packed decimal number buffer

    Cause: The user buffer bound by the user as packed decimal number contained an illegal value.

    Action: Use a legal value.

ORA-01414 invalid array length when trying to bind array

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind an array without either a current array length pointer or a zero maximum array length.

    Action: Specify a valid length.

ORA-01415 too many distinct aggregate functions

    Cause: The query contains more distinct aggregates than can be processed. The current limit is 255.

    Action: Reduce the number of distinct aggregate functions in the query.

ORA-01416 two tables cannot be outer-joined to each other

    Cause: Two tables in a join operation specified an outer join with respect to each other. If an outer join is specified on one of the tables in a join condition, it may not be specified on the other table.

    Action: Remove the outer join specification (+) from one of the tables, then retry the operation.

ORA-01417 a table may be outer joined to at most one other table

    Cause: a.b (+) = b.b and a.c (+) = c.c is not allowed.

    Action: Check that this is really what you want, then join b and c first in a view.

ORA-01418 specified index does not exist

    Cause: An ALTER INDEX, DROP INDEX, or VALIDATE INDEX statement specified the name of an index that does not exist. Only existing indexes can be altered, dropped, or validated. Existing indexes may be listed by querying the data dictionary.

    Action: Specify the name of an existing index in the ALTER INDEX, DROP INDEX, or VALIDATE INDEX statement.

ORA-01419 datdts: illegal format code

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an incorrect format.

    Action: Inspect the format, correct it if necessary, then retry the operation.

ORA-01420 datstd: illegal format code

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an invalid format.

    Action: Inspect the format, correct it if necessary, then retry the operation.

ORA-01421 datrnd/dattrn: illegal precision specifier

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an invalid precision specifier.

    Action: Inspect the precision specifier, correct it if necessary, then retry the operation.

ORA-01422 exact fetch returns more than requested number of rows

    Cause: The number specified in exact fetch is less than the rows returned.

    Action: Rewrite the query or change number of rows requested.

ORA-01423 error encountered while checking for extra rows in exact fetch

    Cause: An error was encountered during the execution of an exact fetch. This message will be followed by more descriptive messages.

    Action: See the accompanying messages and take appropriate action.

ORA-01424 missing or illegal character following the escape character

    Cause: The character following the escape character in LIKE pattern is missing or not one of the escape character, '%', or '_'.

    Action: Remove the escape character or specify the missing character.

ORA-01425 escape character must be character string of length 1

    Cause: Given escape character for LIKE is not a character string of length 1.

    Action: Change it to a character string of length 1.

ORA-01426 numeric overflow

    Cause: Evaluation of an value expression causes an overflow/underflow.

    Action: Reduce the operands.

ORA-01427 single-row subquery returns more than one row

    Cause: The outer query must use one of the keywords ANY, ALL, IN, or NOT IN to specify values to compare because the subquery returned more than one row.

    Action: Use ANY, ALL, IN, or NOT IN to specify which values to compare or reword the query so only one row is retrieved.

ORA-01428 argument 'string' is out of range

    Cause: An illegal value for a mathematical function argument was specified. For example

    SELECT SQRT(-1) "Square Root" FROM DUAL; 

    Action: See the Oracle9i SQL Reference for valid input and ranges of the mathematical functions.

ORA-01429 Index-Organized Table: no data segment to store overflow row-pieces

    Cause: No overflow segment defined.

    Action: Add overflow segment.

ORA-01430 column being added already exists in table

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE ADD statement specified the name of a column that is already in the table. All column names must be unique within a table.

    Action: Specify a unique name for the new column, then re-execute the statement.

ORA-01431 internal inconsistency in GRANT command

    Cause: An internal error occurred while attempting to execute a GRANT statement.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01432 public synonym to be dropped does not exist

    Cause: The synonym specified in DROP PUBLIC SYNONYM is not a valid public synonym. It may be a private synonym.

    Action: Correct the synonym name or use DROP SYNONYM if the synonym is not public.

ORA-01433 synonym to be created is already defined

    Cause: A CREATE SYNONYM statement specified a synonym name that is the same as an existing synonym, table, view, or cluster. Synonyms may not have the same name as any other synonym, table, view, or cluster available to the user creating the synonym.

    Action: Specify a unique name for the synonym, then re-execute the statement.

ORA-01434 private synonym to be dropped does not exist

    Cause: A DROP SYNONYM statement specified a synonym that does not exist. Existing synonym names may be listed by querying the data dictionary.

    Action: Specify the name of an existing synonym in the DROP SYNONYM statement.

ORA-01435 user does not exist

    Cause: This message is caused by any reference to a non-existent user. For example, it occurs if a SELECT, GRANT, or REVOKE statement specifies a username that does not exist. Only a GRANT CONNECT statement may specify a new username. All other GRANT and REVOKE statements must specify existing usernames. If specified in a SELECT statement, usernames must already exist.

    Action: Specify only existing usernames in the SELECT, GRANT, or REVOKE statement or ask the database administrator to define the new username.

ORA-01436 CONNECT BY loop in user data

    Cause: The condition specified in a CONNECT BY clause caused a loop in the query, where the next record to be selected is a descendent of itself. When this happens, there can be no end to the query.

    Action: Check the CONNECT BY clause and remove the circular reference.

ORA-01437 cannot have join with CONNECT BY

    Cause: A join operation was specified with a CONNECT BY clause. If a CONNECT BY clause is used in a SELECT statement for a tree-structured query, only one table may be referenced in the query.

    Action: Remove either the CONNECT BY clause or the join operation from the SQL statement.

ORA-01438 value larger than specified precision allows for this column

    Cause: When inserting or updating records, a numeric value was entered that exceeded the precision defined for the column.

    Action: Enter a value that complies with the numeric column's precision, or use the MODIFY option with the ALTER TABLE command to expand the precision.

ORA-01439 column to be modified must be empty to change datatype

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to change the datatype of a column containing data. A column whose datatype is to be altered must contain only NULL values.

    Action: To alter the datatype, first set all values in the column to NULL.

ORA-01440 column to be modified must be empty to decrease precision or scale

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to decrease the scale or precision of a numeric column containing data. In order to decrease either of these values, the column must contain only NULL values. An attempt to increase the scale without also increasing the precision will also cause this message.

    Action: Set all values in the column to NULL before decreasing the numeric precision or scale. If attempting to increase the scale, increase the precision in accordance with the scale or set all values in the column to NULL first.

ORA-01441 cannot decrease column length because some value is too big

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to decrease the size of a character field containing data. A column whose maximum size is to be decreased must contain only NULL values.

    Action: Set all values in column to NULL before decreasing the maximum size.

ORA-01442 column to be modified to NOT NULL is already NOT NULL

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to change a column specification unnecessarily, from NOT NULL to NOT NULL.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01443 internal inconsistency; illegal datatype in resultant view column

    Cause: An internal error occurred in referencing a view.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01444 internal inconsistency; internal datatype maps to invalid external type

    Cause: This is an internal error message not normally issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01445 cannot select ROWID from a join view without a key-preserved table

    Cause: A SELECT statement attempted to select ROWIDs from a view derived from a join operation. Because the rows selected in the view do not correspond to underlying physical records, no ROWIDs can be returned.

    Action: Remove ROWID from the view selection clause, then re-execute the statement.

ORA-01446 cannot select ROWID from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.

    Cause: A SELECT statement attempted to select ROWIDs from a view containing columns derived from functions or expressions. Because the rows selected in the view do not correspond to underlying physical records, no ROWIDs can be returned.

    Action: Remove ROWID from the view selection clause, then re-execute the statement.

ORA-01447 ALTER TABLE does not operate on clustered columns

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement specified a column used to cluster the table. Clustered columns may not be altered.

    Action: To alter the column, first re-create the table in non-clustered form. The column's size can be increased at the same time.

ORA-01448 index must be dropped before changing to desired type

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to change an indexed character column to a LONG column. Columns with the datatype LONG may not be indexed, so the index must be dropped before the modification.

    Action: Drop all indexes referencing the column before changing its datatype to LONG.

ORA-01449 column contains NULL values; cannot alter to NOT NULL

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to change the definition of a column containing NULL values to NOT NULL. The column may not currently contain any NULL values if it is to be altered to NOT NULL.

    Action: Set all NULL values in the column to values other than NULL before ALTERING the column to NOT NULL.

ORA-01450 maximum key length (string) exceeded

    Cause: The combined length of all the columns specified in a CREATE INDEX statement exceeded the maximum index length. The maximum index length varies by operating system. The total index length is computed as the sum of the width of all indexed columns plus the number of indexed columns. Date fields have a length of 7, character fields have their defined length, and numeric fields have a length of 22. Numeric length = (precision/2) + 1. If negative, add +1.

    Action: Select columns to be indexed so the total index length does not exceed the maximum index length for the operating system. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01451 column to be modified to NULL cannot be modified to NULL

    Cause: The column may already allow NULL values, the NOT NULL constraint is part of a primary key or check constraint, or an ALTER TABLE MODIFY statement attempted to change a column specification unnecessarily, from NULL to NULL.

    Action: If a primary key or check constraint is enforcing the NOT NULL constraint, then drop that constraint.

ORA-01452 cannot CREATE UNIQUE INDEX; duplicate keys found

    Cause: A CREATE UNIQUE INDEX statement specified one or more columns that currently contain duplicate values. All values in the indexed columns must be unique by row to create a UNIQUE INDEX.

    Action: If the entries need not be unique, remove the keyword UNIQUE from the CREATE INDEX statement, then re-execute the statement. If the entries must be unique, as in a primary key, then remove duplicate values before creating the UNIQUE index.

ORA-01453 SET TRANSACTION must be first statement of transaction

    Cause: A transaction was not processed properly because the SET TRANSACTION statement was not the first statement.

    Action: Commit or roll back the current transaction before using the statement SET TRANSACTION.

ORA-01454 cannot convert column into numeric datatype

    Cause: A non-numeric value could not be converted into a number value.

    Action: Check the value to make sure it contains only numbers, a sign, a decimal point, and the character "E" or "e", then retry the operation.

ORA-01455 converting column overflows integer datatype

    Cause: The converted form of the specified expression was too large for the specified datatype.

    Action: Define a larger datatype or correct the data.

ORA-01456 may not perform insert/delete/update operation inside a READ ONLY transaction

    Cause: A non-DDL insert/delete/update or select for update operation was attempted.

    Action: Commit (or roll back) the transaction, and then re-execute.

ORA-01457 converting column overflows decimal datatype

    Cause: The converted form of the specified expression was too large for the specified type. The problem also occurs in COBOL programs when using COMP-3 in the picture clause, which is acceptable to the Pro*COBOL Precompiler and to COBOL but results in this error.

    Action: Define a larger datatype or correct the data.

ORA-01458 invalid length inside variable character string

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind or define a variable character string with a buffer length less than the minimum requirement.

    Action: Increase the buffer size or use a different type.

ORA-01459 invalid length for variable character string

    Cause: The buffer length was less than the minimum required or greater than its length at bind time minus two bytes.

    Action: Make sure the string size is long enough to hold the buffer.

ORA-01460 unimplemented or unreasonable conversion requested

    Cause: The requested format conversion is not supported.

    Action: Remove the requested conversion from the SQL statement. Check the syntax for the TO_CHAR, TO_DATE, and TO_NUMBER functions to see which conversions are supported.

ORA-01461 can bind a LONG value only for insert into a LONG column

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a value from a LONG datatype into another datatype. This is not allowed.

    Action: Do not try to insert LONG datatypes into other types of columns.

ORA-01462 cannot insert string literals longer than 2000 characters

    Cause: The longest literal supported by Oracle consists of 2000 characters.

    Action: Reduce the number of characters in the literal to 2000 characters or fewer or use the VARCHAR2 or LONG datatype to insert strings exceeding 2000 characters.

ORA-01463 cannot modify column datatype with current constraint(s)

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the datatype of column which has referential constraints; or has check constraints which only allows changing the datatype from CHAR to VARCHAR or vise versa.

    Action: Remove the constraint(s) or do not perform the offending operation.

ORA-01464 circular grant (granting to grant ancestor) of table or view

    Cause: The user in the TO clause of the GRANT statement has already been GRANTed privileges on this table.

    Action: Do not GRANT privileges on a table to the user who originally GRANTed privileges on that table. The statement in error is probably unnecessary.

ORA-01465 invalid hex number

    Cause: In an UPDATE statement following a SELECT FOR UPDATE, part of the ROWID contains invalid characters. ROWID must be expressed in the proper and expected format for ROWID and within quotes.

    Action: Enter the ROWID just as it was returned in the SELECT FOR UPDATE.

ORA-01466 unable to read data - table definition has changed

    Cause: This is a time-based read consistency error for a database object, such as a table or index. Either of the following may have happened:

        * The query was parsed and executed with a materialized view older than the time the object was changed.
        * The creation time-stamp of the object is greater than the current system time. This happens, for example, when the system time is set to a time earlier than the creation time of the object.

    Action: If the cause is:

        * an old snapshot, then commit or rollback the transaction and resume work.
        * a creation time-stamp in the future, ensure the system time is set correctly.

    If the object creation time-stamp is still greater than the system time, then export the object's data, drop the object, re-create the object so it has a new creation time-stamp, import the object's data, and resume work.

ORA-01467 sort key too long

    Cause: A DISTINCT, GROUP BY, ORDER BY, or SET operation requires a sort key longer than that supported by Oracle. Either too many columns or too many group functions were specified in the SELECT statement.

    Action: Reduce the number of columns or group functions involved in the operation.

ORA-01468 a predicate may reference only one outer-joined table

    Cause: A predicate in the WHERE clause has two columns from different tables with "(+)".

    Action: Change the WHERE clause so that each predicate has a maximum of one outer-join table.

ORA-01469 PRIOR can only be followed by a column name

    Cause: An invalid column name was specified after the PRIOR keyword.

    Action: Check syntax, spelling, use a valid column name, and try again.

ORA-01470 In-list iteration does not support mixed operators

    Cause: Constants of different types are specified in an in-list.

    Action: Use constants of same type for in-lists.

ORA-01471 cannot create a synonym with same name as object

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a private synonym with the same name as the object to which it refers. This error typically occurs when a user attempts to create a private synonym with the same name as one of their objects.

    Action: Choose a different synonym name or create the synonym under a different username.

ORA-01472 cannot use CONNECT BY on view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.

    Cause: CONNECT BY cannot be used on a view where there is not a correspondence between output rows and rows of the underlying table.

    Action: Remove the DISTINCT or GROUP BY from the view or move the CONNECT BY clause into the view.

ORA-01473 cannot have subqueries in CONNECT BY clause

    Cause: Subqueries cannot be used in a CONNECT BY clause.

    Action: Remove the subquery or move it to the WHERE clause.

ORA-01474 cannot have START WITH or PRIOR without CONNECT BY

    Cause: START WITH and PRIOR are meaningful only in connection with CONNECT BY.

    Action: Check the syntax for the SQL statement and add a CONNECT BY clause, if necessary.

ORA-01475 must reparse cursor to change bind variable datatype

    Cause: After executing a statement, an attempt was made to rebind a bind variable with a datatype different from that of the original bind.

    Action: Re-parse the cursor before rebinding with a different datatype.

ORA-01476 divisor is equal to zero

    Cause: An expression attempted to divide by zero.

    Action: Correct the expression, then retry the operation.

ORA-01477 user data area descriptor is too large

    Cause: This is an internal error message not normally issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01478 array bind may not include any LONG columns

    Cause: User is performing an array bind with a bind variable whose maximum size is greater than 2000 bytes.

    Action: Such bind variables cannot participate in array binds. Use an ordinary bind operation instead.

ORA-01479 last character in the buffer is not Null

    Cause: A bind variable of type 97 does not contain null at the last position.

    Action: Make the last character null.

ORA-01480 trailing null missing from STR bind value

    Cause: A bind variable of type 5 (null-terminated string) does not contain the terminating null in its buffer.

    Action: Terminate the string with a null character.

ORA-01481 invalid number format model

    Cause: An invalid format parameter was used with the TO_CHAR or TO_NUMBER function.

    Action: Correct the syntax, then retry the operation.

ORA-01482 unsupported character set

    Cause: The character set used to perform the operation, such as the CONVERT function, is not a supported character set.

    Action: Use one of the supported character sets.

kkORA-01484 arrays can only be bound to PL/SQL statements

    Cause: At attempt was made to bind an array to a non-PL/SQL statement.

    Action: Rewrite the offending code being careful to bind arrays only to PL/SQL statements.

ORA-01485 compile bind length different from execute bind length

    Cause: You bound a buffer of type DTYVCS (VARCHAR with the two byte length in front) and at execute time the length in the first two bytes is more than the maximum buffer length, given in the bind call. The number of elements in the array and the current number of elements in the array cannot be more than the maximum size of the array.

    Action: Ensure that the buffer size is sufficiently large to contain the array plus two bytes for the buffer length.

ORA-01486 size of array element is too large

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind a data value that was either too large for the datatype, for example, NUMBER, or was greater than 2000 bytes, for example, VARCHAR or LONG.

    Action: Find a way to convert or truncate the data value so that its length is acceptable.

ORA-01487 packed decimal number too large for supplied buffer

    Cause: A conversion request cannot be performed because the buffer is too small to hold the result.

    Action: Increase the size of the buffer.

ORA-01488 invalid nibble or byte in the input data

    Cause: A conversion request cannot be performed because a digit was invalid.

    Action: Fix the number and retry.

ORA-01489 result of string concatenation is too long

    Cause: String concatenation result is more than the maximum size.

    Action: Make sure that the result is less than the maximum size.

ORA-01490 invalid ANALYZE command

    Cause: The syntax of the ANALYZE command was incorrect.

    Action: Check the syntax and enter the command using the correct syntax.

ORA-01491 CASCADE option not valid

    Cause: The CASCADE option should be used only for tables or clusters.

    Action: Do not use the CASCADE option in this manner. Check the syntax of the statement and then retry.

ORA-01492 LIST option not valid

    Cause: The LIST option can be used only for tables or clusters.

    Action: Do not use the LIST option in this manner. Check the syntax of the statement and then retry.

ORA-01493 invalid SAMPLE size specified

    Cause: The specified SAMPLE size is out of range

    Action: Specify a value within the proper range.

ORA-01494 invalid SIZE specified

    Cause: The specified histogram SIZE value was out of range.

    Action: Specify a value within the proper range.

ORA-01495 specified chain row table not found

    Cause: The specified table either does not exist or user does not have the proper privileges.

    Action: Specify the correct table to use.

ORA-01496 specified chain row table form incorrect

    Cause: The specified table does not have the proper field definitions.

    Action: Specify the correct table to use.

ORA-01497 illegal option for ANALYZE CLUSTER

    Cause: The FOR COLUMNS column_list clause cannot be used with ANALYZE CLUSTER.

    Action: Retry with a legal syntax.

    For more information about ANALYZE CLUSTER, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01498 block check failure - see trace file

    Cause: An error occurred while checking a block with the ANALYZE command.

    Action: Check the trace file for more descriptive messages about the problem. Correct these errors. The name of the trace file is operating system-specific, for example, ORAxxxx.TRC. It is found in the directory specified by the initialization parameter USER_DUMP_DEST. If USER_DUMP_DEST is not set, trace files are not created. It may be necessary to re-create the object. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01499 table/index cross reference failure - see trace file

    Cause: An error occurred when validating an index or a table using the ANALYZE command. One or more entries does not point to the appropriate cross-reference.

    Action: Check the trace file for more descriptive messages about the problem. Correct these errors. The name of the trace file is operating system-specific, for example, ORAxxxx.TRC. It is found in the directory specified by the USER_DUMP_DEST initialization parameter. If USER_DUMP_DEST is not set, trace files are not created. It may be necessary to re-create the object. See also your operating system-specific Oracle documentation.

ORA-01500 failure in getting date/time

    Cause: During CREATE DATABASE or ALTER TABLESPACE, there was a failure in getting the date and time.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01501 CREATE DATABASE failed

    Cause: An error occurred during CREATE DATABASE.

    Action: See accompanying errors.

ORA-01502 index 'string.string' or partition of such index is in unusable state

    Cause: An attempt has been made to access an index or index partition that has been marked unusable by a direct load or by a DDL operation.

    Action: DROP the specified index, or REBUILD the specified index, or REBUILD the unusable index partition.

ORA-01503 CREATE CONTROLFILE failed

    Cause: An error occurred during CREATE CONTROLFILE.

    Action: See accompanying errors.

ORA-01504 database name 'string' does not match parameter db_name 'string'

    Cause: The name in a database create or mount does not match the name given in the initialization parameter DB_NAME.

    Action: Correct or omit one of the two names.

ORA-01505 error in adding log files

    Cause: During CREATE or ALTER DATABASE, error(s) occurred when adding new log files.

    Action: Check error stack for detailed error information.

ORA-01506 missing or illegal database name

    Cause: No database name was specified in the CREATE/ALTER DATABASE statement, and no DB_NAME initialization parameter was specified.

    Action: Either the database name must be given in the statement or in the DB_NAME initialization parameter. Note that the SVRMGR or SQL*PLUS STARTUP command issues an ALTER DATABASE statement using the database name specified as part of STARTUP (if any).

ORA-01507 database not mounted

    Cause: A command was attempted that requires the database to be mounted.

    Action: If you are using the ALTER DATABASE statement via the SVRMGR or SQL*PLUS STARTUP command, specify the MOUNT option to restart; else if you are directly doing an ALTER DATABASE DISMOUNT, do nothing; else specify the MOUNT option to ALTER DATABASE. If you are doing a backup or copy, you must first mount the desired database.

ORA-01508 cannot create database; error in file 'string' at line string

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE was unable to process the specified file.

    Action: Check the offending line in the specified file.

ORA-01509 specified name 'string' does not match actual 'string'

    Cause: The database name specified in ALTER DATABASE does not match the name of the currently mounted database.

    Action: Correct the database name spelling or DISMOUNT the mounted database.

ORA-01510 error in deleting log files

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE, an error occurred while dropping log files.

    Action: Check the error stack for detailed error information.

ORA-01511 error in renaming log/data files

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE, an error occurred while renaming log or datafiles.

    Action: Check the error stack for detailed error information.

ORA-01512 error renaming log file string - new file string not found

    Cause: An attempt to change a log file's name in the control file failed because no file was found with the new name.

    Action: Make sure that the log file has been properly renamed by the operating system and retry.

ORA-01513 invalid current time returned by operating system

    Cause: The operating system returned a time that was not between 1988 and 2121.

    Action: Correct the time kept by the operating system.

ORA-01514 error in log specification: no such log

    Cause: A log file name, or list of member names, did not correspond to an existing log.

    Action: Specify an existing log file.

ORA-01515 error dropping log group string: no such log

    Cause: ALTER DATABASE is attempting to drop a log file which is not known to the database control file.

    Action: Specify the name of an existing log file.

ORA-01516 nonexistent log file, datafile, or tempfile "string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to use ALTER DATABASE to rename a log file, datafile, or tempfile; or to change attributes of a datafile or tempfile (for example, such as resize, autoextend, online/offline, and so on); or to re-create a datafile. The attempt failed because the specified file is not known to the database's control file or is not of a type supported by the request.

    Action: Specify the name or number of an existing file of the correct type, as appropriate. Check the relevant V$ table for a list of possible files.

ORA-01517 log member: 'string'

    Cause: This message indicates the filename involved with other messages.

    Action: See the accompanying messages and take appropriate action.

ORA-01518 CREATE DATABASE must specify more than one log file

    Cause: Only one log file was specified in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify at least two log files.

ORA-01519 error while processing file 'string' near line string

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE encountered a problem while processing specified file. The specified file is bad.

    Action: Retry your system installation procedure or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01520 number of data files to add (string) exceeds limit of string

    Cause: CREATE TABLESPACE statement specifies more files than is permitted for this database.

    Action: Use fewer files or re-create the control file with a larger value of MAXDATAFILES.

ORA-01521 error in adding data files

    Cause: During CREATE or ALTER TABLESPACE, an error was detected while adding datafiles.

    Action: Check the error stack for detailed error information.

ORA-01522 file 'string' to be renamed does not exist

    Cause: During ALTER TABLESPACE RENAME, a file to be renamed was not found in the database control file.

    Action: Specify the correct file name.

ORA-01523 cannot rename data file to 'string' - file already part of database

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE RENAME or ALTER TABLESPACE RENAME, the new name of a file is already present in the control file.

    Action: Rename the file to a name not already being used as part of the database.

ORA-01524 cannot create data file as 'string' - file already part of database

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE, the new name of a file is already present in the control file.

    Action: Create the file as a name not already being used as part of the database.

ORA-01525 error in renaming data files

    Cause: An error occurred when renaming files as part of ALTER TABLESPACE.

    Action: Check the error stack for detailed information. All files are renamed except for those mentioned in the error stack.

ORA-01526 error in opening file 'string'

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE was not able to open the specified file. This is probably due to a system installation error.

    Action: Retry your system installation procedure or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01527 error while reading file

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE was not able to read the specified file. This is probably due to a system installation error.

    Action: Retry your system installation procedure or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01528 EOF while processing SQL statement

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE unexpectedly hit EOF while reading the specified file. The SQL.BSQ file is bad.

    Action: Retry your system installation procedure or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01529 error closing file 'string'

    Cause: CREATE DATABASE was not able to close the specified file.

    Action: Retry your system installation procedure or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01530 a database already mounted by the instance

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE MOUNT, an attempt is being made to mount a database on an instance in which a database is or has previously been mounted.

    Action: If you wish to mount the database, shut down and then restart the instance and retry the operation.

ORA-01531 a database already open by the instance

    Cause: During ALTER DATABASE, an attempt was made to open a database on an instance for which there is already an open database.

    Action: If you wish to open a new database on the instance, first shut down and then restart the instance and retry the operation.

ORA-01532 cannot create database; instance being started elsewhere

    Cause: During CREATE DATABASE, another user appears to be simultaneously altering the instance.

    Action: Make sure no one else is simultaneously altering the instance. If no one is, contact Oracle Support Services; otherwise, retry the operation.

ORA-01533 cannot rename file 'string'; file does not belong to tablespace

    Cause: During ALTER TABLESPACE RENAME, a file to be renamed was not found in the argument tablespace.

    Action: Specify the correct file name or the correct tablespace name.

ORA-01534 rollback segment 'string' doesn't exist

    Cause: During ALTER or DROP ROLLBACK SEGMENT, the specified rollback segment name is unknown.

    Action: Use the correct rollback segment name.

ORA-01535 rollback segment 'string' already exists

    Cause: Specified rollback segment already exists.

    Action: Use a different name.

ORA-01536 space quota exceeded for tablespace 'string'

    Cause: The space quota for the segment owner in the tablespace has been exhausted and the operation attempted the creation of a new segment extent in the tablespace.

    Action: Either drop unnecessary objects in the tablespace to reclaim space or have a privileged user increase the quota on this tablespace for the segment owner.

ORA-01537 cannot add data file 'string' - file already part of database

    Cause: During CREATE or ALTER TABLESPACE, a file being added is already part of the database.

    Action: Use a different file name.

ORA-01538 failed to acquire any rollback segment

    Cause: Failed to acquire any rollback segment during startup in shared mode.

    Action: Restart in exclusive mode to create one more public segment or specify available private segments in the initialization parameter. ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS_REQUIRED, then start in shared mode

ORA-01539 tablespace 'string' is not online

    Cause: Failed to either make a tablespace read only or offline because it is not online. A tablespace must be online before it can become read only or offline normal.

    Action: Check the status of the tablespace. Use IMMEDIATE or TEMPORARY options to force all files offline. Bring the tablespace online before making it read only.

ORA-01540 tablespace 'string' is not offline

    Cause: Failed to bring a tablespace online because it is not offline.

    Action: Check the status of the tablespace.

ORA-01541 system tablespace cannot be brought offline; shut down if necessary

    Cause: An attempt was made to bring system tablespace offline.

    Action: Shut down if necessary to do recovery.

ORA-01542 tablespace 'string' is offline, cannot allocate space in it

    Cause: An attempt was made to allocate space in an offline tablespace.

    Action: Bring the tablespace online or create the object in other tablespace.

ORA-01543 tablespace 'string' already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a tablespace which already exists.

    Action: Use a different name for the new tablespace.

ORA-01544 cannot drop system rollback segment

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop system rollback segment.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01545 rollback segment 'string' specified not available

    Cause: One of the following:

       1. An attempt was made to bring a rollback segment online that is unavailable during startup; for example, the rollback segment is in an offline tablespace.
       2. An attempt was made to bring a rollback segment online that is already online. This is because the rollback segment is specified twice in the ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS parameter in the initialization parameter file or the rollback segment is already online by another instance.
       3. An attempt was made to drop a rollback segment that is currently online.
       4. An attempt was made to alter a rollback segment that is currently online to use unlimited extents.
       5. An attempt was made to online a rollback segment that is corrupted. This is because the rollback is specified in _corrupted_rollback_segments parameter in initialization parameter file.

    Action: One of the following:

       1. Make the rollback segment available; for example, bring an offline tablespace online.
       2. Remove the name from the ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS parameter if the name is a duplicate or if another instance has already acquired the rollback segment.
       3. Bring the rollback segment offline first. This may involve waiting for the active transactions to finish, or, if the rollback segment needs recovery, discover which errors are holding up the rolling back of the transactions and take appropriate actions.
       4. Same as 3).
       5. Remove the name from the _corrupted_rollback_segments parameter.


ORA-01546 tablespace contains active rollback segment 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to make a tablespace that contains active rollback segment(s) offline or read only.

    Action: Shut down instances that use the active rollback segments in the tablespace and then make the tablespace offline or read only.

ORA-01547 warning: RECOVER succeeded but OPEN RESETLOGS would get error below

    Cause: Media recovery with one of the incomplete recovery options ended without error. However, if the ALTER DATABASE OPEN RESETLOGS command were attempted now, it would fail with the specified error. The most likely cause of this error is forgetting to restore one or more datafiles from a sufficiently old backup before executing the incomplete recovery.

    Action: Rerun the incomplete media recovery using different datafile backups, a different control file, or different stop criteria.

ORA-01548 active rollback segment 'string' found, terminate dropping tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace that contains active rollback segment(s).

    Action: Shut down instances that use the active rollback segments in the tablespace and then drop the tablespace.

ORA-01549 tablespace not empty, use INCLUDING CONTENTS option

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a non-empty tablespace.

    Action: To drop all the objects in the tablespace, use the INCLUDING CONTENTS option.

ORA-01550 cannot drop system tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop system tablespace. This is not allowed.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01551 extended rollback segment, pinned blocks released

    Cause: Doing recursive extent of rollback segment, trapped internally by the system.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01552 cannot use system rollback segment for non-system tablespace 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the system rollback segment for operations involving non-system tablespace. If this is a clone database then this will happen when attempting any data modification outside of the system tablespace. Only the system rollback segment can be online in a clone database.

    Action: Create one or more private/public segment(s), shut down and restart. May need to modify the initialization parameter ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS to acquire private rollback segment. If this is a clone database being used for tablespace point in time recovery then this operation is not allowed.

ORA-01553 MAXEXTENTS must be no smaller than the string extents currently allocated

    Cause: The number of extents allocated is greater than the MAXEXTENTS specified.

    Action: Specify a larger MAXEXTENTS value.

ORA-01554 out of transaction slots in transaction tables

    Cause: Too many concurrent transactions.

    Action: Shut down the system, modify the initialization parameters TRANSACTIONS, ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS or ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS_REQUIRED, and then restart.

ORA-01555 snapshot too old: rollback segment number string with name "string" too small

    Cause: Rollback records needed by a reader for consistent read are overwritten by other writers.

    Action: If in Automatic Undo Management mode, increase the setting of UNDO_RETENTION. Otherwise, use larger rollback segments.

ORA-01556 MINEXTENTS for rollback segment must be greater than 1

    Cause: Specified MINEXTENTS of less than 2 for rollback segment.

    Action: Specify larger MINEXTENTS.

ORA-01557 rollback segment extents must be at least string blocks

    Cause: Specified extent of less than minimum size for rollback segment.

    Action: Specify larger extents.

ORA-01558 out of transaction ID's in rollback segment string

    Cause: All the available transaction IDs have been used.

    Action: Shut down the instance and restart using other rollback segment(s), then drop the rollback segment that has no more transaction IDs.

ORA-01559 MAXEXTENTS for rollback segment must be greater than 1

    Cause: Specified MAXEXTENTS of less than 2 for rollback segment.

    Action: Specify larger MAXEXTENTS.

ORA-01560 LIKE pattern contains partial or illegal character

    Cause: Like pattern is not formed correctly.

    Action: Make sure like pattern is specified correctly.

ORA-01561 failed to remove all objects in the tablespace specified

    Cause: Failed to remove all objects when dropping a tablespace.

    Action: Retry the drop tablespace until all objects are dropped.

ORA-01562 failed to extend rollback segment number string

    Cause: Failure occurred when trying to extend rollback segment.

    Action: This is normally followed by another error message that caused the failure. You may take the rollback segment offline to perform maintenance. Use SELECT SEGMENT_NAME FROM DBA_ROLLBACK_SEGS WHERE SEGMENT_ID=string (where string is the segment number from the message) to determine the rollback segment name. Then use the ALTER ROLLBACK SEGMENT OFFLINE command to take the rollback segment offline.

ORA-01563 rollback segment is PUBLIC, need to use the keyword PUBLIC

    Cause: Did not use the keyword PUBLIC to identified public rollback segment.

    Action: Use the keyword PUBLIC when identifying public rollback segment.

ORA-01564 rollback segment is not PUBLIC

    Cause: The rollback segment identified is not public.

    Action: Do not use the keyword PUBLIC when identifying private rollback segment.

ORA-01565 error in identifying file 'string'

    Cause: An error occurred while trying to identify a file.

    Action: Check the error stack for detailed information.

ORA-01566 file specified more than once in DROP LOGFILE

    Cause: The list of files supplied to DROP LOGFILE contains at least one duplicate.

    Action: Remove the duplicate file specification and retry.

ORA-01567 dropping log string would leave less than 2 log files in thread string

    Cause: Dropping all the logs specified would leave fewer than the required two log files per enabled thread.

    Action: Either drop fewer logs or disable the thread before deleting the logs. It may be possible to clear the log rather than drop it.

ORA-01568 cannot set space quota on PUBLIC

    Cause: An attempt was made to set space quota on a tablespace for PUBLIC.

    Action: If trying to grant system-wide or tablespace-wide space privileges to all users, use GRANT RESOURCE [ON tablespace] TO PUBLIC.

ORA-01569 data file too small for system dictionary tables

    Cause: The datafile specified during creation of the database is too small to hold the system dictionary tables.

    Action: Re-create the database by specifying a larger file or more files.

ORA-01570 MINEXTENTS must be no larger than the string extents currently allocated

    Cause: The number of extents allocated is smaller than the MINEXTENTS specified.

    Action: Specify a smaller MINEXTENTS value.

ORA-01571 redo version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: This software version cannot read the current redo logs, and either crash recovery is required or there are offline database files that need media recovery. If a file name is listed then it needs media recovery.

    Action: Shut down and restart using the compatible software. Do any required media recovery, and open the database. Shut down and restart using the current software. If the file is going to be dropped then take it offline with the DROP option to skip this check.

ORA-01572 rollback segment string cannot be brought online, string extents exceeded

    Cause: The number of extents in the rollback segment exceeds the hard limit. It cannot be brought online for writing.

    Action: Drop and re-create the rollback segment.

ORA-01573 shutting down instance, no further change allowed

    Cause: Some process tried to make changes while the database was being shut down.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01574 maximum number of concurrent transactions exceeded

    Cause: The limit on the number of concurrent transactions has been hit.

    Action: Shut down the system, increase the value of the initialization parameter TRANSACTIONS, and then restart the system.

ORA-01575 timeout waiting for space management resource

    Cause: Failed to acquire necessary resource to do space management.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-01576 instance locking protocol version string incompatible with ORACLE version string

    Cause: Current software uses incompatible locking protocol.

    Action: Upgrade software used to start instances so that they use compatible locking protocol.

ORA-01577 cannot add log file 'string' - file already part of database

    Cause: During CREATE or ALTER DATABASE, a file being added is already part of the database.

    Action: Use a different file name.

ORA-01578 ORACLE data block corrupted (file # string, block # string)

    Cause: The data block indicated was corrupted, probably due to program errors.

    Action: Determine which object was corrupted using a command like the following:

    SELECT SEGMENT_TYPE,OWNER||'.'||SEGMENT_NAME FROM DBA_EXTENTS
    WHERE file = FILE_ID AND block BETWEEN BLOCK_ID AND BLOCK_ID+BLOCKS -1;

    where values for file and block are from the message.

    Try to restore the segment containing the block indicated. This may involve dropping the segment and re-creating it. If there is a trace file, report the errors in it to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01579 write error occurred during recovery

    Cause: A write error occurred during recovery.

    Action: Consult trace files for the nature of the write error, and correct error.

ORA-01580 error creating control backup file string

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to create a control file backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01581 attempt to use rollback segment (string) new extent (string) which is being allocated

    Cause: Undo generated to extend a rollback segment has run out of current undo block space. Oracle is attempting to write into the new extent which has not been completely allocated.

    Action: The rollback segment extending will be rolled back by the system, no more extension will be possible until the next extent is freed up by rolling back or committing other transactions.

ORA-01582 unable to open controlfile for backup

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to open a control file for backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01583 unable to get block size of controlfile to be backed up

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to get the block size of a control file for backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01584 unable to get file size of controlfile to be backed up

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to get the file size of a control file for backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01585 error identifying backup file string

    Cause: An operating system error occurred when attempting to identify the file to be used for control file backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01586 unable to open destination file string for backup

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to open a control file for backup.

    Action: Check the error stack for more detailed information.

ORA-01587 error during controlfile backup file copy

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while attempting to copy a control file for backup.

    Action: Check the accompanying message stack for detailed information and then take appropriate action.

ORA-01588 must use RESETLOGS option for database open

    Cause: An earlier attempt to open the database with the RESETLOGS option did not complete, or recovery was done with a control file backup.

    Action: Use the RESETLOGS option when opening the database.

ORA-01589 must use RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS option for database open

    Cause: Either incomplete or backup control file recovery has been performed. After these types of recovery you must specify either the RESETLOGS option or the NORESETLOGS option to open your database.

    Action: Specify the appropriate option.

ORA-01590 number of segment free list (string) exceeds maximum of string

    Cause: The value of the storage parameter FREELIST GROUPS is too large.

    Action: Reduce the value of the storage parameter FREELIST GROUPS.

ORA-01591 lock held by in-doubt distributed transaction string

    Cause: An attempt was made to access resource that is locked by a dead two-phase commit transaction that is in prepared state.

    Action: The database administrator should query the PENDING_TRANS$ and related tables, and attempt to repair network connection(s) to coordinator and commit point. If timely repair is not possible, the database administrator should contact the database administrator at the commit point if known or the end user for correct outcome, or use heuristic default if given to issue a heuristic COMMIT or ABORT command to finalize the local portion of the distributed transaction.

ORA-01592 error converting Version 7 rollback segment (string) to Oracle 8 format

    Cause: Look at the accompanying internal error; Version 7 database may not have shut down cleanly.

    Action: Investigate the internal error; may have to reload the Version 7 database (from backup) and shut down the database cleanly.

ORA-01593 rollback segment optimal size (string blks) is smaller than the computed initial size (string blks)

    Cause: Specified OPTIMAL size is smaller than the cumulative size of the initial extents during create rollback segment.

    Action: Specify a larger OPTIMAL size.

ORA-01594 attempt to wrap into rollback segment (string) extent (string) which is being freed

    Cause: Undo generated to free a rollback segment extent is attempting to write into the same extent due to small extents and/or there are too many extents to free.

    Action: The rollback segment shrinking will be rolled back by the system; increase the optimal size of the rollback segment.

ORA-01595 error freeing extent (string) of rollback segment (string))

    Cause: Some error occurred while freeing inactive rollback segment extents.

    Action: Investigate the accompanying error.

ORA-01596 cannot specify system in string parameter

    Cause: The system rollback segment is specified in the initialization parameter referred to in the error message.

    Action: Change the value of the initialization parameter.

ORA-01597 cannot alter system rollback segment online or offline

    Cause: An attempt was made to online or offline the system rollback segment.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01598 rollback segment 'string' is not online

    Cause: Could have been taken offline before by the database administrator or cleaned up by SMON.

    Action: Check the status of rollback segment in UNDO$ or DBA_ROLLBACK_SEGS to make sure the rollback segment is actually online.

ORA-01599 failed to acquire rollback segment (string), cache space is full

    Cause: The amount statically allocated is not enough based on the value of the MAX_ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS parameter.

    Action: For now, take another rollback segment offline or increase the value of the parameter MAX_ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS.

ORA-01600 at most one "string" in clause "string" of string

    Cause: The initialization parameter was incorrectly specified.

    Action: Correct the initialization parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01601 illegal bucket size in clause "string" of string

    Cause: The bucket size was invalid for this parameter.

    Action: Correct the initialization parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01603 illegal grouping size in clause "string" of string

    Cause: The grouping size was invalid for this parameter.

    Action: Correct the initialization parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01604 illegal number range in clause "string" of string

    Cause: The number range was invalid for this parameter.

    Action: Correct the initialization parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01605 missing numbers in clause "string" of string

    Cause: The numbers were missing for this parameter.

    Action: Correct the initialization parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01606 gc_files_to_locks not identical to that of another mounted instance

    Cause: The GC_FILES_TO_LOCKS parameters were different on two instances.

    Action: Modify the initialization parameter GC_FILES_TO_LOCKS and restart.

ORA-01607 gc_lck_procs (string) is not the same as other instances (string)

    Cause: The GC_LCK_PROCS initialization parameter is not the same as in other instances that already have the database open.

    Action: Modify the GC_LCK_PROCS parameter and restart the instance.

ORA-01608 cannot bring rollback segment 'string' online, its status is (string)

    Cause: Could have been brought online before by the database administrator or left as a result of process crash.

    Action: Check the status of rollback segment in UNDO$ or DBA_ROLLBACK_SEGS

ORA-01609 log string is the current log for thread string - cannot drop members

    Cause: A member of the current log for a thread cannot be dropped.

    Action: If the thread is opened, request a log switch by the instance that is using it. If it is not open, disable the thread, manually archive the log, or clear it.

ORA-01610 recovery using the BACKUP CONTROLFILE option must be done

    Cause: Either an earlier database recovery session specified BACKUP CONTROLFILE, or the control file was re-created with the RESETLOGS option, or the control file being used is a backup control file. After that only BACKUP CONTROLFILE recovery is allowed and it must be followed by a log reset at the next database open.

    Action: Perform recovery using the BACKUP CONTROFILE option.

ORA-01611 thread number string is invalid - must be between 1 and string

    Cause: A thread number in a command is greater than the number of threads supported by the control file.

    Action: Use a thread number that is valid, or resize the thread record and/or checkpoint progress record sections of the control file.

ORA-01612 thread string is already enabled

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a thread that is already enabled.

    Action: Either use this thread or enable another thread.

ORA-01613 thread string only has string logs - at least 2 logs required to enable

    Cause: The thread cannot be enabled because it only has two online log files associated with it.

    Action: Add logs to the thread or pick another thread to enable.

ORA-01614 thread string is busy - cannot enable

    Cause: The mount enqueue for the thread could not be acquired when attempting to enable the thread. This probably means that another process has already started enabling this thread.

    Action: Wait and try again, or find another thread to enable.

ORA-01615 thread string is mounted - cannot disable

    Cause: Some instance, possibly this one, has allocated the thread for its use. The thread may not be disabled while in use.

    Action: Shut down cleanly the instance using the thread.

ORA-01616 thread string is open - cannot disable

    Cause: The thread is not closed. The last instance to use the thread died leaving the thread open. A thread cannot be disabled until it is closed. It is still required for crash or instance recovery.

    Action: If the database is open, instance recovery should close the thread soon; wait a few minutes. Otherwise open the database; crash recovery will close the thread.

ORA-01617 cannot mount: string is not a valid thread number

    Cause: The value of the initialization parameter THREAD is not between 1 and the number of threads allowed by the control file.

    Action: Shut down the instance, change the value of the initialization parameter and restart, or resize the thread record and/or checkpoint progress record sections of the control file.

ORA-01618 thread string is not enabled - cannot mount

    Cause: The value of the initialization parameter THREAD requests a thread that is not enabled. A thread must be enabled before it can be mounted.

    Action: Shut down the instance, change the value of the initialization parameter and restart, mounting a different thread. If the database is open in another instance, then the thread may be enabled.

ORA-01619 thread string is mounted by another instance

    Cause: The value of the initialization parameter THREAD requests a thread that has been mounted by another instance. Only one instance may use a thread.

    Action: Shut down the instance, change the value of the initialization parameter and restart, mounting a different thread.

ORA-01620 no public threads are available for mounting

    Cause: The value of the initialization parameter THREAD is zero, its default value. There are no threads which have been publicly enabled, and not mounted.

    Action: Shut down the instance, change the value of the initialization parameter to a thread which is privately enabled and not mounted. If the database is open in another instance, then a thread may be publicly enabled.

ORA-01621 cannot rename member of current log if database is open

    Cause: This is a rename command for a member of the current log for an open thread. If the database is open anywhere, the log may be in use, so the rename cannot be done.

    Action: Wait until the log is not current, or mount the database exclusively.

ORA-01622 thread number must be specified - default not specific

    Cause: The thread was not specified when adding a log, and the currently mounted thread was chosen by default at mount time. Since the current thread was not specified explicitly the user cannot know which thread the log will be added to.

    Action: Explicitly specify the thread number either in the initialization parameter THREAD, or in the ADD command.

ORA-01623 log string is current log for thread string - cannot drop

    Cause: A thread's current log cannot be dropped even if the thread is closed. A disabled thread usually does not have a current log, but a half completed disable may need to be disabled again.

    Action: If the database is not open then disable the thread. If the database is open and an instance has the thread open, then the instance can be requested to switch logs. If the database is closed the log can be archived or cleared to force a switch.

ORA-01624 log string needed for crash recovery of thread string

    Cause: A log cannot be dropped or cleared until the thread's checkpoint has advanced out of the log.

    Action: If the database is not open then open it. Crash recovery will advance the checkpoint. If the database is open force a global checkpoint. If the log is corrupted so that the database cannot be opened, it may be necessary to do incomplete recovery until cancel at this log.

ORA-01625 rollback segment 'string' does not belong to this instance

    Cause: An attempt was made to shrink or take a rollback segment offline that does not belong to this instance.

    Action: Take only those rollback segments offline that belong to the current instance. To take the rollback segment offline, connect to the instance containing it.

ORA-01626 rollback segment number 'string' cannot handle more transactions

    Cause: Too many transactions in this segment.

    Action: Choose a different rollback segment, or reduce the number of concurrent transactions.

ORA-01627 rollback segment number 'string' is not online

    Cause: Could have been taken offline before by the database administrator or cleaned up by SMON.

    Action: Check the status of rollback segment in UNDO$ or DBA_ROLLBACK_SEGS to make sure the rollback segment is actually online.

ORA-01628 max # extents (string) reached for rollback segment string

    Cause: An attempt was made to extend a rollback segment that was already at the MAXEXENTS value.

    Action: If the value of the MAXEXTENTS storage parameter is less than the maximum allowed by the system, raise this value.

ORA-01629 max # extents (string) reached saving undo for tablespace string

    Cause: Save undo for the offline tablespace at MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: Check the storage parameters for the system tablespace. The tablespace needs to be brought back online so the undo can be applied.

ORA-01630 max # extents (string) reached in temp segment in tablespace string

    Cause: A temporary segment tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS for the tablespace is less than the system maximum, you can raise that. Otherwise, raise PCTINCREASE for the tablespace.

ORA-01631 max # extents (string) reached in table string.string

    Cause: A table tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01632 max # extents (string) reached in index string.string

    Cause: An index tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If the value of MAXEXTENTS in the index storage clause is less than the maximum (based on your block size), raise it. Otherwise, re-create the index with larger extent sizes so that the total number of extents falls below the maximum.

ORA-01633 Real Application Clusters Option needed for this operation

    Cause: System does not have Real Application Clusters configured.

    Action: Obtain Real Application Clusters option.

ORA-01634 rollback segment number 'string' is about to go offline

    Cause: The rollback segment specified was marked to go offline by the database administrator.

    Action: Bring the rollback segment online first.

ORA-01635 rollback segment #string specified not available

    Cause: One of the following:

        * You tried to acquire an offline rollback segment during startup.
        * You tried to drop a rollback segment that contains active transactions.

    Action: For the above, one of the following:

        * Bring the tablespace containing the rollback segment online or do not specify the rollback segment in the initialization parameter file.
        * If the rollback segment is in use, shut down the instance using the rollback segment. Otherwise, if the rollback segment needs recovery, determine which errors are holding back the rolling back of the transactions and take appropriate action.


ORA-01636 rollback segment 'string' is already online

    Cause: A rollback segment can only be used by one instance and an instance is trying to bring a rollback segment online that is already in use.

    Action: Check that the values set in the initialization parameter file for parameters ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS, ROLLBACK_SEGMENT_INITIAL, and ROLLBACK_SEGMENT_COUNT are correctly set for the instance with the problem. Also check that the instance is using the correct initialization parameter file. Make sure you are not confused about the difference between private and public rollback segments. See the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for more information about using rollback segments in parallel mode.

ORA-01637 rollback segment 'string' is being used by another instance (#string)

    Cause: A rollback segment can only be used by one instance, and an instance is trying to access a rollback segment online that is already in use.

    Action: Check that the values set in the initialization parameter file for parameters ROLLBACK_SEGMENTS, ROLLBACK_SEGMENT_INITIAL, and ROLLBACK_SEGMENT_COUNT are correctly set for the instance with the problem. Also check that the instance is using the correct initialization parameter file. Make sure you are not confused about the difference between private and public rollback segments. See the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for more information about using rollback segments in parallel mode.

ORA-01638 parameter string does not allow ORACLE version string to mount cluster database

    Cause: The value of the RECOVERY_COMPATIBLE parameter is set too low to allow this software version to mount in cluster database mode.

    Action: Either use an earlier software release or advance the RECOVERY_COMPATIBLE parameter. If this happens when no RECOVERY_COMPATIBLE parameter has been specified then set it to the current software release.

ORA-01640 cannot make tablespace read only with active transactions

    Cause: An attempt was made to make a tablespace read only while there are active transactions in the database. All transactions must commit or rollback to insure that there is no undo for a tablespace before it can be made read only. This includes in doubt distributed transactions.

    Action: Prevent any more transactions from being started. Putting the database in restricted mode usually helps. If there are any in doubt transactions they must also be resolved.

ORA-01641 tablespace 'string' is not online - cannot add data file

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a datafile to a tablespace that has been set to read only or offline.

    Action: Make the tablespace online and read write then add the datafile.

ORA-01642 begin backup not needed for read only tablespace 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to begin or end a backup for a tablespace that has been set to read only.

    Action: Take the backup without any BEGIN or END commands. The files are not being modified so the backup will be consistent.

ORA-01643 system tablespace can not be made read only

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the system tablespace to read only. The system tablespace must remain read write for database operation.

    Action: Leave system tablespace read write.

ORA-01644 tablespace 'string' is already read only

    Cause: An attempt was made to make tablespace read only that is already read only.

    Action: Leave tablespace read only, or make read write then make read only again.

ORA-01645 previous attempt to make read write is half complete

    Cause: A failure while making the tablespace read write left it read only, but the checkpoint was advanced. The tablespace will not be usable after a resetlogs if its files are offline.

    Action: Repeat the command to make the tablespace read write.

ORA-01646 tablespace 'string' is not read only - cannot make read write

    Cause: An attempt was made to make a tablespace read write that is not read only. It may be either online or offline.

    Action: Leave tablespace read write.

ORA-01647 tablespace 'string' is read only, cannot allocate space in it

    Cause: An attempt was made to allocate space in a read-only tablespace.

    Action: Create the object in another tablespace.

ORA-01648 log string is the current log of disabled thread string

    Cause: An attempt to enable the thread failed after it was half completed. This log was left as the current log even though the thread is still disabled. Since a log switch cannot be done until the thread is enabled, the log cannot be cleared or archived.

    Action: Complete the thread enable by issuing the ENABLE command again.

ORA-01649 operation not allowed with a backup controlfile

    Cause: An attempt is being made to perform a command that does not make sense when the control file is a restored backup.

    Action: Wait until after the database has been opened and try again.

ORA-01650 unable to extend rollback segment string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for rollback segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01651 unable to extend save undo segment by string for tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for saving undo entries for the indicated offline tablespace.

    Action: Check the storage parameters for the SYSTEM tablespace. The tablespace needs to be brought back online so the undo can be applied.

ORA-01652 unable to extend temp segment by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for temporary segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01653 unable to extend table string.string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for table segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01654 unable to extend index string.string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for index segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01655 unable to extend cluster string.string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for cluster segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01656 max # extents (string) reached in cluster string.string

    Cause: A cluster tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01657 invalid SHRINK option value

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value.

ORA-01658 unable to create INITIAL extent for segment in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to find sufficient contiguous space to allocate INITIAL extent for segment being created.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE to add additional space to the tablespace or retry with a smaller value for INITIAL.

ORA-01659 unable to allocate MINEXTENTS beyond string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to find sufficient contiguous space to allocate MINEXTENTS for the segment being created.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE to add additional space to the tablespace or retry with smaller value for MINEXTENTS, NEXT or PCTINCREASE.

ORA-01660 tablespace 'string' is already permanent

    Cause: An attempt was made to make tablespace permanent that is already permanent.

    Action: Leave tablespace permanent.

ORA-01661 tablespace 'string' is already temporary

    Cause: An attempt was made to make tablespace temporary that is already temporary.

    Action: Leave tablespace permanent.

ORA-01662 tablespace 'string' is non-empty and cannot be made temporary

    Cause: An attempt was made to convert a non-empty tablespace to a temporary tablespace

    Action: Drop all the objects in the tablespace.

ORA-01663 the contents of tablespace 'string' is constantly changing

    Cause: The contents of the tablespace is always changing between PERMANENT and TEMPORARY.

    Action: Decide what the tablespace contents should be and stay with it.

ORA-01664 Transaction which has expanded the Sort Segment has aborted

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01665 controlfile is not a standby controlfile

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount, recover or activate a standby database without a standby control file.

    Action: Create a standby control file before attempting to use the database as a standby database.

ORA-01666 controlfile is for a standby database

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount, recover, or open a standby database without the appropriate command option to designate a standby database.

    Action: Use the standby option or appropriate commands, or mount with the primary control file.

ORA-01667 cannot add any more tablespaces: limit of string exceeded

    Cause: There is no more room in the control file for adding tablespaces.

    Action: Resize the control file or drop other tablespaces.

ORA-01668 standby database requires DROP option for offline of data file

    Cause: An attempt was made to take a datafile offline in a standby database without specifying the DROP option. Files that are offline in a standby database are not recovered, and are likely to be unusable if the standby is activated. Note that specifying DROP does not prevent bringing the file online later.

    Action: Specify the DROP option or leave the file online.

ORA-01669 standby database controlfile not consistent

    Cause: An attempt was made to activate a standby database with a control file that has not been recovered to the same point as the datafiles. Most likely the control file was just copied from the primary database and has not been used for recovery.

    Action: Recover the standby database until all the files are consistent.

ORA-01670 new datafile string needed for standby database recovery

    Cause: Standby database recovery noticed that a file was added to the primary database, but is not available on the standby.

    Action: Either copy the file from the primary database or do an ALTER DATABASE CREATE DATAFILE command on the standby to create a file to recover.

ORA-01671 controlfile is a backup, cannot make a standby controlfile

    Cause: The currently mounted control file is a backup control file, and attempting to create a control file for a standby database.

    Action: Complete any needed recovery and open the database with the resetlogs option.

ORA-01672 controlfile may be missing files or have extra ones

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a standby control file, but the control file was either recently created via CREATE CONTROLFILE or an incomplete recovery has been done. Thus the datafiles in the control file and the ones in the data dictionary may not match.

    Action: Open the database, then retry the operation.

ORA-01673 data file string has not been identified

    Cause: This datafile was not in the control file after an incomplete recovery or CREATE CONTROLFILE. Since information from its header is needed for standby database recovery, we cannot create a standby control file.

    Action: Find the file and bring it online. If desired it may be taken offline again. If you intend to drop this file, then taking it offline with the DROP option will avoid this error.

ORA-01674 data file string is an old incarnation rather than current file

    Cause: Recovery encountered redo that indicates this file was dropped from the database and another file was added using the same file number. This implies that a CREATE CONTROLFILE command was given the old file which was dropped rather than the latest file.

    Action: Rebuild the control file using CREATE CONTROLFILE, and give the correct file.

ORA-01675 max_commit_propagation_delay inconsistent with other instances

    Cause: The MAX_COMMIT_PROPAGATION_DELAY initialization parameter is inconsistent with those in other instances.

    Action: Make sure all instances have the same MAX_COMMIT_PROPAGATION_DELAY.

ORA-01676 standby file name convert of 'string' exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: When the given file name is converted to the name used for the standby database, the converted name is bigger than the maximum allowed file name.

    Action: Change the value of the initialization parameter DB_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT or LOG_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT to convert to a valid file name.

ORA-01677 standby file name convert parameters differ from other instance

    Cause: The DB_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT or LOG_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT initialization parameters are not the same as in other instances that already have the database mounted.

    Action: Change the value of the initialization parameters DB_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT and LOG_FILE_STANDBY_NAME_CONVERT to match other instances.

ORA-01678 parameter string must be pairs of pattern and replacement strings

    Cause: The initialization parameter does not have an even number of strings for its value. The odd numbered strings are patterns to be found in file names. The even numbered strings are used to replace the corresponding patterns when found in file names.

    Action: Specify an even number of strings for the parameter, or omit the parameter.

ORA-01679 database must be mounted EXCLUSIVE and not open to activate

    Cause: An attempt to activate a standby database was made when the database was not mounted EXCLUSIVE or was already open.

    Action: Mount the database EXCLUSIVE and retry the ACTIVATE command.

ORA-01680 unable to extend LOB segment by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for a LOB segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01681 max # extents (string) reached in LOB segment in tablespace string

    Cause: A LOB segment tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS for the tablespace is less than the system maximum, you can raise that. Otherwise, raise PCTINCREASE for the tablespace.

ORA-01682 read-only DB cannot allocate temporary space in tablespace string

    Cause: Temporary space (usually for sorting) could not be allocated in either main storage or a temporary file. An attempt was made to allocate the space from the tablespace named, but the database is opened read only. The database open requires a sort work space.

    Action: Either allow sufficient workspace in main storage (SORT_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter), or create a temporary tablespace before making the database read only. Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD TEMPFILE statement to add temporary files to the temporary tablespace.

ORA-01683 unable to extend index string.string partition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for index segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01684 max # extents (string) reached in table string.string partition string

    Cause: A table tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01685 max # extents (string) reached in index string.string partition string

    Cause: An index tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system max, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01686 max # files (string) reached for the tablespace string

    Cause: The number of files for a given tablespace has reached its maximum value.

    Action: Resize existing files in the tablespace, or partition the objects among multiple tablespaces, or move some objects to a different tablespace.

ORA-01687 specified logging attribute for tablespace 'string' is same as the existing

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the tablespace default logging attribute (LOGGING or NOLOGGING) to be the same as the existing logging attribute.

    Action: Change the specified logging attribute.

ORA-01688 unable to extend table string.string partition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for table segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01689 syntax error in clause "string" of string

    Cause: There was a syntax in the initialization parameter.

    Action: Fix the syntax error and restart the instance.

ORA-01690 sort area size too small

    Cause: The sort area size was too small to fit two records in memory.

    Action: Increase the SORT_AREA_SIZE initialization parameter.

ORA-01691 unable to extend lob segment string.string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for LOB segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01692 unable to extend lob segment string.string partition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for LOB segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-01693 max # extents (string) reached in lob segment string.string

    Cause: A LOB segment tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system max, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01694 max # extents (string) reached in lob segment string.string partition string

    Cause: A LOB segment tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If MAXEXTENTS is less than the system max, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-01695 error converting rollback segment string to version 8.0.2

    Cause: Version 8.0.1 database may not have shut down cleanly.

    Action: May have to reload the 8.0.1 database and shut down cleanly.

ORA-01696 controlfile is not a clone controlfile

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount, a database as a clone when it is already mounted by another instance not as a clone or attempting to use a current control file for a clone.

    Action: Mount without the clone option or use a backup control file and shut down the other instances before mounting as a clone.

ORA-01697 controlfile is for a clone database

    Cause: An attempt was made to mount a clone database without the appropriate command option to designate a clone database.

    Action: Use the clone option or appropriate commands, or mount with the primary control file.

ORA-01698 a clone database may only have SYSTEM rollback segment online

    Cause: An attempt was made to online a rollback segment in a clone database.

    Action: Do not use this command.

ORA-01699 tablespace 'string' is being imported for point in time recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made to online a tablespace or begin another point in time import while a point in time import is already in progress.

    Action: Wait until the import completes.

ORA-01700 duplicate username in list

ORA-01701 a cluster is not appropriate here

ORA-01702 a view is not appropriate here

ORA-01703 missing SYNONYM keyword

ORA-01704 string literal too long

    Cause: The string literal is longer than 4000 characters.

    Action: Use a string literal of at most 4000 characters. Longer values may only be entered using bind variables.

ORA-01705 an outer join cannot be specified on a correlation column

ORA-01706 user function result value was too large

ORA-01707 missing LIST keyword

ORA-01708 ACCESS or SESSION expected

ORA-01709 program does not exist

ORA-01710 missing OF keyword

ORA-01711 duplicate privilege listed

ORA-01712 you cannot grant a privilege which you do not have

ORA-01713 GRANT OPTION does not exist for that privilege

ORA-01714 error in execution of user function

ORA-01715 UNIQUE may not be used with a cluster index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a cluster index with the UNIQUE attribute.

    Action: Remove UNIQUE from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-01716 NOSORT may not be used with a cluster index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a cluster index using the NOSORT option.

    Action: Remove NOSORT from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-01717 seccta: invalid access mode token passed

ORA-01718 BY ACCESS | SESSION clause not allowed for NOAUDIT

    Cause: Attempt to specify BY ACCESS | SESSION in a NOAUDIT statement.

    Action: Remove BY ACCESS | SESSION.

ORA-01719 outer join operator (+) not allowed in operand of OR or IN

    Cause: An outer join appears in an or clause.

    Action: If A and B are predicates, to get the effect of (A(+) or B), try (select where (A(+) and not B)) union all (select where (B)).

ORA-01720 grant option does not exist for 'string.string'

    Cause: A grant was being performed on a view and the grant option was not present for an underlying object.

    Action: Obtain the grant option on all underlying objects of the view.

ORA-01721 USERENV(COMMITSCN) invoked more than once in a transaction

    Cause: The USERENV('COMMITSCN') function can only be used once in a transaction.

    Action: Re-write the transaction to use USERENV('COMMITSCN') only once.

ORA-01722 invalid number

    Cause: The attempted conversion of a character string to a number failed because the character string was not a valid numeric literal. Only numeric fields or character fields containing numeric data may be used in arithmetic functions or expressions. Only numeric fields may be added to or subtracted from dates.

    Action: Check the character strings in the function or expression. Check that they contain only numbers, a sign, a decimal point, and the character "E" or "e" and retry the operation.

ORA-01723 zero-length columns are not allowed

    Cause: During CREATE TABLE, a zero-length column was specified, for example, CHAR(0).

    Action: Correct the column declaration so that the length is at least 1 and try the operation again.

ORA-01724 floating point precision is out of range (1 to 126)

    Cause: Floating point precision is too small or large.

    Action: Correct and retry.

ORA-01725 USERENV('COMMITSCN') not allowed here

    Cause: The function USERNEV('COMMMITSCN') is only allowed as a top-level expression in the VALUES clause of an INSERT statements, and on the right hand side of an assignment in an UPDATE statement.

    Action: Correct the use of the function.

ORA-01726 a table is not appropriate here

    Cause: A table name was used in a statement in which tables are not permitted.

    Action: Enter a valid table statement or use the current statement on the appropriate object.

ORA-01727 numeric precision specifier is out of range (1 to 38)

    Cause: The precision specified for a number column in a CREATE/ALTER TABLE or CREATE CLUSTER statement must be a digit between 1 and 38. If no precision is specified, a default precision of 22 digits is used.

    Action: Specify numeric precision between 1 and 38 and retry the statement.

ORA-01728 numeric scale specifier is out of range (-84 to 127)

    Cause: The scale specified for a numeric field in a CREATE/ALTER TABLE or CREATE CLUSTER statement is not in the valid range. It should be between -84 and 127.

    Action: Specify a numeric scale between -84 and 127. If a number is not specified, the default scale of the column is 0 decimal places.

ORA-01729 database link name expected

    Cause: A database link name does not follow the at-sign (@) in a reference to a table in a remote database.

    Action: Correct the reference and retry the operation. The correct syntax for denoting a table in a remote database follows:

    username.table_name@ database_name 

    Spaces before and after the at-sign (@) are optional.

ORA-01730 invalid number of column names specified

    Cause: The number of column names specified in a CREATE VIEW statement did not correspond to the number of columns listed in the SELECT clause. If column names are specified in a CREATE VIEW statement, exactly one name must be specified for each column or expression in the SELECT clause.

    Action: Specify one view column name for each column in the SELECT clause.

ORA-01731 circular view definition encountered

    Cause: Through a series of CREATE and DROP VIEW statements, a view was defined that refers to itself. For example, VIEW1 might include a column from VIEW2 that is defined as a column in VIEW1. View definitions may be seen by querying the data dictionary.

    Action: Check the view definitions, remove any circular references, and retry the statements.

ORA-01732 data manipulation operation not legal on this view

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an UPDATE, INSERT, or DELETE statement on a view that contains expressions or functions or was derived from more than one table. If a join operation was used to create the view or the view contains virtual columns derived from functions or expressions, then the view may only be queried.

    Action: UPDATE, INSERT, or DELETE rows in the base tables instead and restrict the operations on the view to queries.

ORA-01733 virtual column not allowed here

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statement on an expression in a view.

    Action: INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE data in the base tables, instead of the view.

ORA-01734 illegal parameters - EXTENT MIN higher than EXTENT MAX

    Cause: An incorrect value is specified for the parameter.

    Action: Correct the parameter and reissue the statement.

ORA-01735 invalid ALTER TABLE option

    Cause: An invalid option was specified in an ALTER TABLE statement.

    Action: Check the statement syntax, specify a valid option, and retry the statement.

ORA-01736 [NOT] SUCCESSFUL expected

    Cause: An AUDIT or NOAUDIT statement contained WHENEVER followed by something other than SUCCESSFUL or NOT SUCCESSFUL.

    Action: Correct the WHENEVER clause and retry the statement.

ORA-01737 valid modes: [ROW] SHARE, [[SHARE] ROW] EXCLUSIVE, SHARE UPDATE

    Cause: The lock mode entered was not recognized.

    Action: Enter one of the following: SHARE, ROW SHARE, EXCLUSIVE, ROW EXCLUSIVE, SHARE ROW EXCLUSIVE, or SHARE UPDATE.

ORA-01738 missing IN keyword

    Cause: In a LOCK TABLE statement, the keyword IN was missing.

    Action: Place the keyword IN and lock mode directly after the table name in the LOCK TABLE statement and retry the statement.

ORA-01739 missing MODE keyword

    Cause: In a LOCK TABLE statement, the keyword MODE was missing. The keyword MODE must directly follow the specified lock mode.

    Action: Check the statement syntax, insert the keyword MODE where required, and retry the statement.

ORA-01740 missing double quote in identifier

    Cause: An initial double quote (") was found without a closing quote. If an identifier contains a blank or special characters other than $, #, or _, it must be enclosed in double quotes.

    Action: Add a closing double quote (") to the end of the identifier.

ORA-01741 illegal zero-length identifier

    Cause: An attempt was made to use two double quotes ("") as an identifier. An identifier must be at least one character long.

    Action: Insert at least one character between the double quotes in the identifier. If a blank identifier is required, specify a blank space between the double quotes (" ").

ORA-01742 comment not terminated properly

    Cause: The indicated comment or hint begun with the /* token did not have the terminating */.

    Action: Properly terminate the comment or hint with a */.

ORA-01743 only pure functions can be indexed

    Cause: The indexed function uses SYSDATE or the user environment.

    Action: PL/SQL functions must be pure (RNDS, RNPS, WNDS, WNPS). SQL expressions must not use SYSDATE, USER, USERENV(), or anything else dependent on the session state. NLS-dependent functions are OK.

ORA-01744 inappropriate INTO

    Cause: The INTO clause may not be used in a subquery.

    Action: Check the syntax, place the INTO clause in the top-level query, and retry the statement.

ORA-01745 invalid host/bind variable name

    Cause: A colon in a bind variable or INTO specification was followed by an inappropriate name, perhaps a reserved word.

    Action: Change the variable name and retry the operation.

ORA-01746 indicator variable not permitted here

    Cause: An indicator variable is not permitted in this context.

    Action: Remove the indicator variable and retry the operation.

ORA-01747 invalid user.table.column, table.column, or column specification

    Cause: A column name was specified improperly in the current SQL statement.

    Action: Check the statement's syntax, especially references to column names, and retry the statement.

ORA-01748 only simple column names allowed here

    Cause: This SQL statement does not allow a qualified column name, such as username.table.column or table.column.

    Action: Remove the qualifications from the column and retry the operation.

ORA-01749 you may not GRANT/REVOKE privileges to/from yourself

    Cause: Grantor is not allowed to grant or revoke object or system privileges to self.

    Action: Issue the GRANT or REVOKE of system privileges from another database administrator account.

ORA-01750 UPDATE/REFERENCES may only be REVOKEd from the whole table, not by column

    Cause: Although it is possible to GRANT update privileges on a column-by-column basis, it is only possible to REVOKE them for an entire table.

    Action: Do not identify specific columns. To revoke update privileges for certain columns, use REVOKE for the entire table and GRANT the user privileges for specific columns.

ORA-01751 Invalid dump undo option

    Cause: An invalid option is specified in the ALTER DUMP UNDO command.

    Action: Correct and reissue the command.

ORA-01752 cannot delete from view without exactly one key-preserved table

    Cause: The deleted table either had no key preserved tables, had more than one key-preserved table, or the key-preserved table was an unmerged view or a table from a read-only view.

    Action: Redefine the view or delete it from the underlying base tables.

ORA-01753 column definition incompatible with clustered column definition

    Cause: When adding a table to a cluster, the definition of the column in the table was inconsistent with the definition of the column in the cluster.

    Action: The table cannot be added to the cluster until all cluster column definitions are consistent.

ORA-01754 a table may contain only one column of type LONG

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a LONG column to a table which already had a LONG column. Note that even if the LONG column currently in the table has already been marked unused, another LONG column may not be added until the unused columns are dropped.

    Action: Remove the LONG column currently in the table by using the ALTER TABLE command.

ORA-01755 Must specify an extent number or block number

    Cause: Expecting an extent or block number but something else was specified.

    Action: Correct the error and reissue the command.

ORA-01756 quoted string not properly terminated

    Cause: A quoted string must be terminated with a single quote mark (').

    Action: Insert the closing quote and retry the statement.

ORA-01757 Must specify an object number

    Cause: Expecting an object number but something else was specified.

    Action: Correct the error and reissue the command.

ORA-01758 table must be empty to add mandatory (NOT NULL) column

    Cause: It is not possible to define a new column as NOT NULL if rows already exist in the table being modified.

    Action: Retry the statement without the NOT NULL specification.

ORA-01759 user function is incorrectly defined

    Cause: A user function has been improperly defined.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01760 illegal argument for function

    Cause: The argument or arguments specified for the function are not valid in this context.

    Action: Check the definition of the function and correct the arguments.

ORA-01761 DML operation does not map to a unique table in the join

    Cause: The primary table is the base table against which the update, insert or delete operation is finally being done. For delete either there is no primary table in the join query or there is more than one. For update or insert the columns specified map to more than one base table.

    Action: Change the join specification.

ORA-01762 vopdrv: view query block not in FROM

    Cause: This is an internal error message not normally issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01763 update or delete involves outer joined table

    Cause: For deletes, the table being deleted from is outer joined to some other table. For updates, either the table being updated is outer- joined to some other table, or some table reachable from the primary table is being outer joined to a table not reachable from the primary table.

    Action: Change the join specification.

ORA-01764 new update value of join is not guaranteed to be unique

    Cause: A row of a join query table is being updated using a row of a table that is not guaranteed to have exactly one value for the row being updated.

    Action: Change the join specification.

ORA-01765 specifying table's owner name is not allowed

    Cause: A table or view name was specified with a period (.) or identified with an invalid prefix.

    Action: Check that the object is identified correctly and if necessary remove the period from the name.

ORA-01766 dictionary table not allowed in this context

    Cause: The name of a data dictionary object was used outside the FROM clause of a SELECT statement. The only operation allowed on a data dictionary object is to SELECT from it.

    Action: Restrict operations on data dictionary objects to queries.

ORA-01767 UPDATE ... SET expression must be a subquery

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a single expression without a subquery to update a list of columns.

    Action: Check the syntax for using subqueries to update data and add the necessary subquery.

ORA-01768 number string too long

    Cause: A number entered exceeds the limit of 255 characters, including digits, sign, decimal point, and exponent.

    Action: Shorten the number string, perhaps by expressing it in scientific notation, for example, 1.85E9 instead of 1,850,000,000.

ORA-01769 duplicate CLUSTER option specifications

    Cause: During a CREATE of a clustered table, the user attempted to specify more than one CLUSTER option.

    Action: Remove the extra CLUSTER option.

ORA-01770 CLUSTER option not allowed in CREATE CLUSTER command

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the CLUSTER option within a CREATE CLUSTER statement.

    Action: Remove the CLUSTER clause and try again.

ORA-01771 illegal option for a clustered table

    Cause: During a CREATE or ALTER of a clustered table, the user attempted to enter one or more of the following options: INITRANS, MAXTRANS, PCTFREE, PCTUSED, STORAGE, TABLESPACE, CACHE, NOCACHE. These options may only be specified for the cluster itself.

    Action: Remove the illegal option(s).

ORA-01772 Must specify a value for LEVEL

    Cause: Expecting the value of LEVEL but something else was specified.

    Action: Correct the error and reissue the command.

ORA-01773 may not specify column datatypes in this CREATE TABLE

    Cause: Column datatypes were specified in a SELECT statement used to create and load a table directly.

    Action: Remove column datatypes. The datatypes of the SELECT list expressions are automatically used as the column datatypes.

ORA-01774 Dump undo option specified more than once

    Cause: The same option for ALTER DUMP UNDO was specified twice.

    Action: Remove the redundant options and reissue the command.

ORA-01775 looping chain of synonyms

    Cause: Through a series of CREATE synonym statements, a synonym was defined that referred to itself. For example, the following definitions are circular:

    CREATE SYNONYM s1 for s2 
    CREATE SYNONYM s2 for s3 
    CREATE SYNONYM s3 for s1 

    Action: Change one synonym definition so that it applies to a base table or view and retry the operation.

ORA-01776 cannot modify more than one base table through a join view

    Cause: Columns belonging to more than one underlying table were either inserted into or updated.

    Action: Phrase the statement as two or more separate statements.

ORA-01777 WITH GRANT OPTION not allowed in this system

    Cause: This version of Oracle does not support the WITH GRANT OPTION.

    Action: Remove the WITH GRANT option.

ORA-01778 maximum subquery nesting level exceeded

    Cause: An attempt was made to use more than 255 levels of nested subqueries.

    Action: Merge some of the subqueries into their containing queries, until there are less than 255 levels of nesting.

ORA-01779 cannot modify a column which maps to a non key-preserved table

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert or update columns of a join view which map to a non-key-preserved table.

    Action: Modify the underlying base tables directly.

ORA-01780 string literal required

    Cause: In a COMMENT statement, the Comment following the keyword IS must be a quoted string literal.

    Action: Check that the Comment is a string literal.

ORA-01781 UNRECOVERABLE cannot be specified without AS SELECT

    Cause: UNRECOVERABLE was specified in a CREATE TABLE statement without also specifying a populating subquery with an AS clause.

    Action: Do not specify UNRECOVERABLE.

ORA-01782 UNRECOVERABLE cannot be specified for a cluster or clustered table

    Cause: A CREATE CLUSTER, or clustered CREATE TABLE statement specified UNRECOVERABLE.

    Action: Do not specify UNRECOVERABLE.

ORA-01783 only one RECOVERABLE or UNRECOVERABLE clause may be specified

    Cause: RECOVERABLE was specified more than once, UNRECOVERABLE was specified more than once, or both RECOVERABLE and UNRECOVERABLE were specified in a CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX or ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the RECOVERABLE or UNRECOVERABLE clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-01784 RECOVERABLE cannot be specified with database media recovery disabled

    Cause: A CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX statement specified RECOVERABLE when the database was running in NOARCHIVELOG mode. Since logs are not being archived, they will be overwritten and the object being created cannot be recovered from a backup taken before the object was created.

    Action: Do not specify RECOVERABLE, or restart the database with media recovery enabled.

ORA-01785 ORDER BY item must be the number of a SELECT-list expression

    Cause: Either an ORDER BY item for a set expression is not a column number, or the ORDER BY item is not the number of a SELECT list column.

    Action: The ORDER BY item must be a number between 1 and the number of columns in the SELECT list. Check the column number and retry the statement.

ORA-01786 FOR UPDATE of this query expression is not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a FOR UPDATE clause on the result of a set expression involving GROUP BY, DISTINCT, UNION, INTERSECT, or MINUS.

    Action: Check the syntax, remove the FOR UPDATE clause, and retry the statement.

ORA-01787 only one clause allowed per query block

    Cause: An attempt was made to use more than one WHERE, GROUP BY, CONNECT BY, or HAVING clause in the query.

    Action: Combine the duplicate clauses into a single clause and retry the statement.

ORA-01788 CONNECT BY clause required in this query block

    Cause: A START WITH clause was specified without a CONNECT BY clause.

    Action: Check the syntax, specify a CONNECT BY clause, and retry the statement.

ORA-01789 query block has incorrect number of result columns

    Cause: All of the queries participating in a set expression do not contain the same number of SELECT list columns.

    Action: Check that all the queries in the set expression have the same number of SELECT list columns.

ORA-01790 expression must have same datatype as corresponding expression

    Cause: A SELECT list item corresponds to a SELECT list item with a different datatype in another query of the same set expression.

    Action: Check that all corresponding SELECT list items have the same datatypes. Use the TO_NUMBER, TO_CHAR, and TO_DATE functions to do explicit data conversions.

ORA-01791 not a SELECTed expression

    Cause: There is an incorrect ORDER BY item. The query is a SELECT DISTINCT query with an ORDER BY clause. In this context, all ORDER BY items must be constants, SELECT list expressions, or expressions whose operands are constants or SELECT list expressions.

    Action: Remove the inappropriate ORDER BY item from the SELECT list and retry the statement.

ORA-01792 maximum number of columns in a table or view is 1000

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a table or view with more than 1000 columns, or to add more columns to a table or view which pushes it over the maximum allowable limit of 1000. Note that unused columns in the table are counted toward the 1000 column limit.

    Action: If the error is a result of a CREATE command, then reduce the number of columns in the command and resubmit. If the error is a result of an ALTER TABLE command, then there are two options:

        * If the table contained unused columns, remove them by executing ALTER TABLE DROP UNUSED COLUMNS before adding new columns.
        * Reduce the number of columns in the command and resubmit.


ORA-01793 maximum number of index columns is 32

    Cause: While creating an index, more than 32 columns were specified.

    Action: Remove some columns from the index definition. If all the columns indexed are required, split them into two indexes.

ORA-01794 maximum number of cluster columns is 32

    Cause: More than 32 columns were specified in the cluster key.

    Action: Remove some of the columns from the cluster key definition. Consider concatenating multiple character strings into a single column.

ORA-01795 maximum number of expressions in a list is 1000

    Cause: More than 254 columns or expressions were specified in a list.

    Action: Remove some of the expressions from the list.

ORA-01796 this operator cannot be used with lists

    Cause: A relational operator is not allowed in this context. When comparing lists, use only an operator that tests for equivalence, such as =, !=, or IN.

    Action: Rephrase the query so that it only compares lists for equivalence. For example, the following clause is invalid:

    WHERE (A,B) > ((C,D), (E,F)) 

    It may be necessary to compare individual columns separately. For example, to see if A and B are respectively greater than C and D, use WHERE A>B AND C>D instead of WHERE (A,B)>(C,D).

ORA-01797 this operator must be followed by ANY or ALL

    Cause: The keyword ANY or ALL was missing.

    Action: Check the statement syntax and add ANY or ALL where appropriate.

ORA-01798 missing EXCEPTION keyword

    Cause: The EXCEPTION keyword is missing from the ENABLE clause.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-01799 a column may not be outer-joined to a subquery

    Cause: expression(+) relop (subquery) is not allowed.

    Action: Either remove the (+) or make a view out of the subquery. In V6 and before, the (+) was just ignored in this case.

ORA-01800 a literal in the date format was too large to process

    Cause: A literal specified in a date format was too large. If a literal is entered as a date, it must be less than 220 characters long.

    Action: Use only literals less than 220 characters long in the date format.

ORA-01801 date format is too long for internal buffer

    Cause: The date format string was too long to process. This should occur only if several long literals are specified as part of a date.

    Action: Remove long literals from the date format string.

ORA-01802 Julian date is out of range

    Cause: An invalid Julian date was entered. Valid Julian dates run from 1 to 3,442,447.

    Action: Enter a valid Julian date between 1 and 3,442,447.

ORA-01803 failure in getting date/time

    Cause: This is an internal error message that is not likely to occur. It is usually caused by a failure in the system clock.

    Action: Investigate the system clock and the process that requested the date or time. If necessary, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01804 failure to initialize timezone information

    Cause: The timezone information file was not properly read.

    Action: Please contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01810 format code appears twice

    Cause: A format code was listed twice in a date specification. Each format code may be specified only once in the function TO_DATE.

    Action: Remove the duplicate format code from the date specification, then retry the operation.

ORA-01811 Julian date precludes use of day of year

    Cause: Both a Julian date and a day of the year were specified in the TO_DATE function. If a Julian date is specified, the day of the year (DDD) may not be specified, as it is contained in the Julian date.

    Action: Remove the day of the year or the Julian date from the specification, then retry the operation.

ORA-01812 year may only be specified once

    Cause: More than one year format code was listed in a date specification. Only one of the following year format codes may be specified in a date: YYYY, YYY, YY, Y.

    Action: Remove all but one year format from the date specification.

ORA-01813 hour may only be specified once

    Cause: More than one hour format code was listed in a date specification. Only one of the following hour format codes may be specified in a date: HH, HH12, HH24.

    Action: Remove all but one hour format from the date specification.

ORA-01814 AM/PM conflicts with use of A.M./P.M.

    Cause: Both types of meridian indicators, AM and PM, were listed in a date specification. If one of the meridian indicator format masks, such as AM or A.M., is specified in the date, the other may not be specified.

    Action: Use one meridian indicator format, with or without periods, consistently.

ORA-01815 BC/AD conflicts with use of B.C./A.D.

    Cause: Both types of BC/AD indicators were listed in a date specification. If one of the BC/AD indicator format masks, such as BC or B.C., is specified in the date, the other may not be specified.

    Action: Use one BC/AD indicator format, with or without periods, consistently.

ORA-01816 month may only be specified once

    Cause: More than one month format code was listed in a date specification. Only one of the following month format codes may be specified in a date: MM, MON, MONTH.

    Action: Remove all but one month format from the date specification.

ORA-01817 day of week may only be specified once

    Cause: More than one day-of-the-week format code was listed in a date specification. Only one of the following day-of-the-week format codes may be specified in a date: D, DY, DAY.

    Action: Remove all but one day-of-the-week format from the date specification.

ORA-01818 'HH24' precludes use of meridian indicator

    Cause: A date specification contained both a 24-hour time format code and a meridian indicator code. If hours are specified using the 24-hour time format (HH24), a meridian indicator, AM or PM, may not be specified.

    Action: Remove the meridian indicator format code, AM/PM or A.M./P.M., or the 24-hour time format code, HH24, from the date specification.

ORA-01819 signed year precludes use of BC/AD

    Cause: A date specification contained both a signed year and a B.C./A.D. indicator. If the year is specified with a sign, such as SYYYY, then B.C. or A.D. is implicit in the date and must not be entered.

    Action: Remove the B.C./A.D. indicator from the date specification.

ORA-01820 format code cannot appear in date input format

    Cause: A date specification contained an invalid format code. Only the following may be specified when entering a date: year, month, day, hours, minutes, seconds, Julian day, A.M./P.M. and B.C./A.D.

    Action: Remove the invalid format code from the date specification.

ORA-01821 date format not recognized

    Cause: A date specification contained an invalid format code.

    Action: Check that only valid date format codes are specified.

ORA-01822 era format code is not valid with this calendar

    Cause: An era format code, E or EE, was specified with a calendar which does not use era information.

    Action: Retry the operation using a date format mask which does not contain era format codes.

ORA-01830 date format picture ends before converting entire input string

    Cause: A valid date format picture included extra data. The first part of the format picture was converted into a valid date, but the remaining data was not required.

    Action: Check the specifications for date format pictures and correct the statement.

ORA-01831 year conflicts with Julian date

    Cause: The wrong year was specified with a Julian day. If a year is specified with a Julian date, it must be the year in which the Julian date occurs.

    Action: Remove the year value from the date specification or enter the correct year for the Julian date.

ORA-01832 day of year conflicts with Julian date

    Cause: A Julian date was specified with the day of the year but the day did not correspond to the Julian date. If the day of the year is specified with a Julian date, it must be the same day as the Julian date.

    Action: Remove the day of the year value from the date specification or enter the correct day for the Julian date.

ORA-01833 month conflicts with Julian date

    Cause: The wrong month was specified with a Julian date. If a month is specified with a Julian date, it must be the month in which the Julian date occurs.

    Action: Remove the month value from the date specification or enter the correct month for the Julian date.

ORA-01834 day of month conflicts with Julian date

    Cause: A Julian date was specified with the day of the month, but the month day did not correspond to the Julian date. If the day of the month is specified with a Julian date, it must be the same day of the month as the Julian date.

    Action: Remove the day of the month value from the date specification or enter the correct day of the month for the Julian date.

ORA-01835 day of week conflicts with Julian date

    Cause: A Julian date was specified with the day of the week, but the weekday did not correspond to the Julian date. If the day of the week is specified with a Julian date, it must be the same day of the week as the Julian date.

    Action: Remove the day of the week value from the date specification or enter the correct day of the week for the Julian date.

ORA-01836 hour conflicts with seconds in day

    Cause: The wrong hour was specified with seconds in the day. If an hour is specified with seconds past midnight (SSSSS), it must be the hour in which the seconds value falls.

    Action: Remove the hour value from the date specification or specify the correct hour for the seconds past midnight.

ORA-01837 minutes of hour conflicts with seconds in day

    Cause: A date specification contained both minutes of the hour and seconds in the day but the values did not correspond. If both minutes in the hour (MI) and seconds past midnight (SSSSS) are specified, the minutes value must be the minute in which the seconds value will occur.

    Action: Remove the minutes value from the date specification or enter the correct minute value for the specified seconds value.

ORA-01838 seconds of minute conflicts with seconds in day

    Cause: A date specification contained both seconds of the minute and seconds in the day but the values did not correspond. If both types of seconds are specified, the seconds of the minute value (SS) must be the second in which the seconds past midnight value (SSSSS) will fall.

    Action: Remove the seconds of the minute value from the date specification or enter a value that corresponds to the given seconds in the day.

ORA-01839 date not valid for month specified

    Cause: The day of the month specified in the date is invalid for the given month. The day of the month (DD) must be between 1 and the number of days in the month.

    Action: Enter a valid day of the month for the specified month.

ORA-01840 input value not long enough for date format

    Cause: The data to be converted to date format was incomplete; the date format picture was longer than the input data.

    Action: Either add more input or shorten the date picture format, then retry the operation.

ORA-01841 (full) year must be between -4713 and +9999, and not be 0

    Cause: A date specified a year that is not in the valid date range. A valid date is any date between January 1, 4712 B.C. and December 31, 9999 A.D.

    Action: Enter a valid date value between 4712 B.C. and 9999 A.D.

ORA-01842 quarter must be between 1 and 4

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the quarter of the year in a date. The quarter (Q) must be between 1 and 4.

    Action: Enter a value for quarter between 1 and 4.

ORA-01843 not a valid month

    Cause: A date specified an invalid month. Valid months are: January-December, for format code MONTH, and Jan-Dec, for format code MON.

    Action: Enter a valid month value in the correct format.

ORA-01844 week of year must be between 1 and 52

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the week of the year in a date. Week of the year (WW) must be between 1 and 52.

    Action: Enter a week of the year value between 1 and 52.

ORA-01845 week of month must be between 1 and 5

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the week of the month in a date. Week of the month (W) must be between 1 and 5.

    Action: Enter a week of the month value between 1 and 5.

ORA-01846 not a valid day of the week

    Cause: A date specified an invalid day of the week. Valid days are:

        * Monday-Sunday, for format code DAY
        * Mon-Sun, for format code DY
        * 1-7, for format code D

    Action: Enter a valid day of the week value in the correct format.

ORA-01847 day of month must be between 1 and last day of month

    Cause: The day of the month listed in a date is invalid for the specified month. The day of the month (DD) must be between 1 and the number of days in that month.

    Action: Enter a valid day value for the specified month.

ORA-01848 day of year must be between 1 and 365 (366 for leap year)

    Cause: An invalid day of the year was specified in a date. Day of the year (DDD) must be between 1 and 365 for a non-leap year or 1 and 366 for a leap year.

    Action: Enter a day of the year value between 1 and 365 (or 366).

ORA-01849 hour must be between 1 and 12

    Cause: An invalid hour was specified for a date using the 12-hour time format. If a 12-hour format code (HH or HH12) is used, the specified hour must be between 1 and 12.

    Action: Enter an hour value between 1 and 12.

ORA-01850 hour must be between 0 and 23

    Cause: An invalid hour was specified for a date using the 24-hour time format. If the 24-hour format code (HH24) is listed, the specified hour must be between 0 and 23.

    Action: Enter an hour value between 0 and 23.

ORA-01851 minutes must be between 0 and 59

    Cause: An invalid minute value was specified in a date. Minutes must be between 0 and 59.

    Action: Enter a minute value between 0 and 59.

ORA-01852 seconds must be between 0 and 59

    Cause: An invalid seconds value was specified in a date. Seconds must be between 0 and 59 if the seconds format code (SS) is used.

    Action: Enter a seconds value between 0 and 59.

ORA-01853 seconds in day must be between 0 and 86399

    Cause: An invalid value for seconds in the day was specified in a date. Seconds must be between 0 and 86399 if the seconds past midnight format code (SSSSS) is used.

    Action: Specify a seconds value between 0 and 86399.

ORA-01854 julian date must be between 1 and 5373484

    Cause: An invalid Julian date was entered.

    Action: Enter a valid Julian date between 1 and 5373484.

ORA-01855 AM/A.M. or PM/P.M. required

    Cause: A date specification contained a meridian indicator format code but a valid meridian indicator was not specified. If a meridian indicator code, A.M./P.M. or AM/PM, is included in a date format, the date must include a valid meridian indicator.

    Action: Specify the meridian indicator in the correct format, A.M./AM or P.M./PM.

ORA-01856 BC/B.C. or AD/A.D. required

    Cause: A date specification contained a BC/AD format code but a valid BC/AD indicator was not specified. If one of the BC/AD format codes, BC/AD or B.C./A.D., is specified in a date format, the date must include BC/B.C. or AD/A.D.

    Action: Specify the BC/AD indicator in the date using the correct format.

ORA-01857 not a valid time zone

    Cause: An incorrect time zone code was specified for the NEW_TIME function.

    Action: Correct the invalid time zone code, then retry the operation.

ORA-01858 a non-numeric character was found where a numeric was expected

    Cause: The input data to be converted using a date format model was incorrect. The input data did not contain a number where a number was required by the format model.

    Action: Fix the input data or the date format model to make sure the elements match in number and type. Then retry the operation.

ORA-01859 a non-alphabetic character was found where an alphabetic was expected

    Cause: The input data to be converted using a date format model was incorrect. The input data did not contain a letter where a letter was required by the format model.

    Action: Fix the input data or the date format model to make sure the elements match in number and type. Then retry the operation.

ORA-01860 week of year must be between 1 and 53

    Cause: A week number outside the range 1 to 53 was specified.

    Action: Use only a value within the valid range for the week number.

ORA-01861 literal does not match format string

    Cause: Literals in the input must be the same length as literals in the format string (with the exception of leading white space). If the "FX" modifier has been toggled on, the literal must match exactly, with no extra white space.

    Action: Correct the format string to match the literal.

ORA-01862 the numeric value does not match the length of the format item

    Cause: When the FX and FM format codes are specified for an input date, then the number of digits must be exactly the number specified by the format code. For example, 9 will not match the format specifier DD but 09 will.

    Action: Correct the input date or turn off the FX or FM format specifier in the format string.

ORA-01863 the year is not supported for the current calendar

    Cause: The year is not supported for the current calendar.

    Action: Check the documentation to find out what years are supported for the current calendar.

ORA-01864 the date is out of range for the current calendar

    Cause: Your calendar does not extend to the specified date.

    Action: Specify a date which is legal for this calendar.

ORA-01865 not a valid era

    Cause: Era input does not match a known era.

    Action: Provide a valid era on input.

ORA-01866 the datetime class is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01867 the interval is invalid

    Cause: The character string you specified is not a valid interval.

    Action: Specify a valid interval.

ORA-01868 the leading precision of the interval is too small

    Cause: The leading precision of the interval is too small to store the specified interval.

    Action: Increase the leading precision of the interval or specify an interval with a smaller leading precision.

ORA-01869 reserved for future use

    Cause: Not an error.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01870 the intervals or datetimes are not mutually comparable

    Cause: The intervals or datetimes are not mutually comparable.

    Action: Specify a pair of intervals or datetimes that are mutually comparable.

ORA-01871 the number of seconds must be less than 60

    Cause: The number of seconds specified was greater than 59.

    Action: Specify a value for seconds that is 59 or smaller.

ORA-01872 reserved for future use

    Cause: Not an error.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-01873 the leading precision of the interval is too small

    Cause: The leading precision of the interval is too small to store the specified interval.

    Action: Increase the leading precision of the interval or specify an interval with a smaller leading precision.

ORA-01874 time zone hour must be between -12 and 13

    Cause: The time zone hour specified was not in the valid range.

    Action: Specify a time zone hour between -12 and 13.

ORA-01875 time zone minute must be between -59 and 59

    Cause: The time zone minute specified was not in the valid range.

    Action: Specify a time zone minute between -59 and 59.

ORA-01876 year must be at least -4713

    Cause: The specified year was not in range.

    Action: Specify a year that is greater than or equal to -4713.

ORA-01877 string is too long for internal buffer

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01878 specified field not found in datetime or interval

    Cause: The specified field was not found in the datetime or interval.

    Action: Make sure that the specified field is in the datetime or interval.

ORA-01879 the hh25 field must be between 0 and 24

    Cause: The specified hh25 field was not in the valid range.

    Action: Specify an hh25 field between 0 and 24.

ORA-01880 the fractional seconds must be between 0 and 999999999

    Cause: The specified fractional seconds were not in the valid range.

    Action: Specify a value for fractional seconds between 0 and 999999999.

ORA-01881 timezone region id number is invalid

    Cause: The region id referenced an invalid region.

    Action: Please contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01882 timezone region string not found

    Cause: The specified region name was not found.

    Action: Please contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01883 overlap was disabled during a region transition

    Cause: The region was changing state and the overlap flag was disabled.

    Action: Please contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01890 NLS error detected

    Cause: An NLS error was detected.

    Action: Look for additional error messages and take appropriate action. If there are no additional errors, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01891 Datetime/Interval internal error

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-01898 too many precision specifiers

    Cause: While trying to truncate or round dates, extra data was found in the date format picture.

    Action: Check the syntax of the date format picture and retry.

ORA-01899 bad precision specifier

    Cause: An invalid precision code was specified in a date.

    Action: Enter a valid precision code in the date format. Valid precision types are: century, year, month, day, Julian date, hours, minutes, and seconds.

ORA-01900 LOGFILE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01901 ROLLBACK keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01902 SEGMENT keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01903 EVENTS keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01904 DATAFILE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01905 STORAGE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01906 BACKUP keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01907 TABLESPACE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01908 EXISTS keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01909 REUSE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01910 TABLES keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01911 CONTENTS keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01912 ROW keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01913 EXCLUSIVE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01914 invalid auditing option for sequence numbers

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT on a sequence number specifies an auditing option that is not legal for sequence numbers.

    Action: The following options may not be used for sequence numbers and should be removed: COMMENT, DELETE, INDEX, INSERT, LOCK, RENAME, UPDATE, REFERENCES, EXECUTE.

ORA-01915 invalid auditing option for views

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT on a view specifies an auditing option that is not legal for views.

    Action: The following options may not be used for views and should be removed: ALTER, INDEX, REFERENCES, EXECUTE.

ORA-01916 keyword ONLINE, OFFLINE, RESIZE, AUTOEXTEND or END/DROP expected

    Cause: An expected keyword was not used for DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clause

    Action: Use correct syntax.

ORA-01917 user or role 'string' does not exist

    Cause: There is not a user or role by that name.

    Action: Re-specify the name.

ORA-01918 user 'string' does not exist

    Cause: User does not exist in the system.

    Action: Verify the user name is correct.

ORA-01919 role 'string' does not exist

    Cause: Role by that name does not exist.

    Action: Verify you are using the correct role name.

ORA-01920 user name 'string' conflicts with another user or role name

    Cause: There is already a user or role with that name.

    Action: Specify a different user name.

ORA-01921 role name 'string' conflicts with another user or role name

    Cause: There is already a user or role with that name.

    Action: Specify a different role name.

ORA-01922 CASCADE must be specified to drop 'string'

    Cause: Cascade is required to remove this user from the system. The user own's object which will need to be dropped.

    Action: Specify cascade.

ORA-01923 CASCADE aborted, objects locked by another user

    Cause: Cannot drop the user's objects; someone has them locked.

    Action: Use the lock monitor to determine who has the objects locked.

ORA-01924 role 'string' not granted or does not exist

    Cause: Set role can only be performed with roles granted directly to your account (for example, a sub-role cannot be enabled).

    Action: Do not try to set the role.

ORA-01925 maximum of string enabled roles exceeded

    Cause: The initialization parameter MAX_ENABLED_ROLES has been exceeded.

    Action: Increase MAX_ENABLED_ROLES and warm start the database.

ORA-01926 cannot GRANT to a role WITH GRANT OPTION

    Cause: Role cannot have a privilege with the grant option.

    Action: Perform the grant without the grant option.

ORA-01927 cannot REVOKE privileges you did not grant

    Cause: You can only revoke privileges you granted.

    Action: Do not revoke these privileges.

ORA-01928 GRANT option not granted for all privileges

    Cause: In order to grant a privilege, you must first have the privilege with the grant option.

    Action: Obtain the privilege with the grant option and try again.

ORA-01929 no privileges to GRANT

    Cause: "ALL" was specified but the user does not have any privileges with the grant option.

    Action: Do not grant privileges on that object.

ORA-01930 auditing the object is not supported

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT was specified for an object that cannot be audited.

    Action: Do not attempt to AUDIT the object.

ORA-01931 cannot grant string to a role

    Cause: UNLIMITED TABLESPACE, REFERENCES, INDEX, SYSDBA or SYSOPER privilege cannot be granted to a role.

    Action: Grant privilege directly to the user.

ORA-01932 ADMIN option not granted for role 'string'

    Cause: The operation requires the ADMIN option on the role.

    Action: Obtain the grant option and retry.

ORA-01933 cannot create a stored object using privileges from a role

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a stored object using privileges from a role. Stored objects cannot use privileges from roles.

    Action: Grant the privileges required to the user directly.

ORA-01934 circular role grant detected

    Cause: Roles cannot be granted circularly. Also, a role cannot be granted to itself.

    Action: Do not perform the grant.

ORA-01935 missing user or role name

    Cause: A user or role name was expected.

    Action: Specify a user or role name.

ORA-01936 cannot specify owner when creating users or roles

    Cause: Users and roles do not have owners.

    Action: Do not specify an owner.

ORA-01937 missing or invalid role name

    Cause: A valid role name was expected.

    Action: Specify a valid role name.

ORA-01938 IDENTIFIED BY must be specified for CREATE USER

    Cause: Cannot create a user without specifying a password or IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY.

    Action: Specify one of the password clauses.

ORA-01939 only the ADMIN OPTION can be specified

    Cause: System privileges and Roles can only be granted with the ADMIN option. The grant option cannot be used with these privileges.

    Action: Specify the ADMIN option.

ORA-01940 cannot drop a user that is currently connected

    Cause: Attempt was made to drop a user that is currently logged in.

    Action: Make sure user is logged off, then repeat command.

ORA-01941 SEQUENCE keyword expected

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-01942 IDENTIFIED BY and EXTERNALLY cannot both be specified

    Cause: A user cannot be specified to have and not have a password.

    Action: Specify only one of the options.

ORA-01943 IDENTIFIED BY already specified

    Cause: The IDENTIFIED clause has been given twice.

    Action: Use only one IDENTIFIED BY clause.

ORA-01944 IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY already specified

    Cause: The IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY clause has been given twice.

    Action: Use only one IDENTIFIED clause.

ORA-01945 DEFAULT ROLE[S] already specified

    Cause: The DEFAULT ROLES clause has been given twice.

    Action: Use only one DEFAULT ROLE clause.

ORA-01946 DEFAULT TABLESPACE already specified

    Cause: The DEFAULT TABLESPACE clause has been given twice.

    Action: Use only one DEFAULT TABLESPACE clause.

ORA-01947 TEMPORARY TABLESPACE already specified

    Cause: The TEMPORARY TABLESPACE clause has been given twice.

    Action: Use only one TEMPORARY TABLESPACE clause.

ORA-01948 identifier's name length (string) exceeds maximum (string)

    Cause: A name has been specified that is too long. For example, DBMS_SESSION.IS_ROLE_ENABLED() specifies that is too long.

    Action: Change the application or command to use a correct identifier.

ORA-01949 ROLE keyword expected

    Cause: The ROLE keyword is required here.

    Action: Specify the ROLE keyword.

ORA-01950 no privileges on tablespace 'string'

    Cause: User does not have privileges to allocate an extent in the specified tablespace.

    Action: Grant the user the appropriate system privileges or grant the user space resource on the tablespace.

ORA-01951 ROLE 'string' not granted to 'string'

    Cause: The role you tried to revoke was not granted to the user.

    Action: Do not try to revoke a privilege which is not granted.

ORA-01952 system privileges not granted to 'string'

    Cause: A system privilege you tried to revoke was not granted to the user.

    Action: Make sure the privileges you are trying to revoke are granted.

ORA-01953 command no longer valid, see ALTER USER

    Cause: The syntax for assigning quotas on tablespaces has changed. The ALTER USER command is now used to perform the functionality.

    Action: Use the ALTER USER command instead.

ORA-01954 DEFAULT ROLE clause not valid for CREATE USER

    Cause: Default roles cannot be specified for create user.

    Action: Grant and alter the user's default roles after creating the user.

ORA-01955 DEFAULT ROLE 'string' not granted to user

    Cause: The user being altered does not have the specified role granted directly to the user. Note, sub-roles cannot be used in the DEFAULT ROLE clause.

    Action: Grant the role to the user.

ORA-01956 invalid command when OS_ROLES are being used

    Cause: This command cannot be used when the initialization parameter OS_ROLES is TRUE.

    Action: Grant the role to the user in the operating system.

ORA-01957 Keyword MIN or MAX expected, not found

    Cause: The keyword MIN or MAX was expected as an argument.

    Action: Enter the keyword MIN or MAX and retry the operation.

ORA-01958 Must supply an integer for the LAYER option

    Cause: An item other than an integer was entered for the LAYER option.

    Action: Enter an integer for the LAYER option and retry the operation.

ORA-01959 Must supply an integer for the OPCODE option

    Cause: An item other than an integer was entered for the OPCODE option. The value in ALTER SYSTEM DUMP ... OPCODE value must be an integer.

    Action: Enter an integer for the OPCODE option and retry the operation.

    For more information on the OPCODE option, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01960 Invalid dump logfile option

    Cause: An invalid option was entered for the ALTER SYSTEM DUMP LOGFILE option command.

    Action: For a list of valid options for DUMP LOGFILE, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01961 invalid dump option

    Cause: An invalid option was entered for the ALTER SYSTEM DUMP statement.

    Action: Enter a valid option for ALTER SYSTEM DUMP. Examples of valid options are LOGFILE and UNDO. For more information on the DUMP option, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01962 Must specify a file number or log sequence number

    Cause: An invalid file number or log sequence number was specified.

    Action: Enter a valid file number or log sequence number and retry the operation. For more information on valid file and log sequence numbers, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01963 Must specify a block number

    Cause: An invalid block number was specified.

    Action: Enter a valid block number and retry the operation. For more information on valid block numbers, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01964 Must specify a time for the TIME option

    Cause: A value was entered for the TIME option that could not be interpreted as a date.

    Action: Enter a valid date. For more information on the TIME option, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01965 Must specify a PERIOD

    Cause: A period is missing between the file number and the block number.

    Action: Enter a period between the file number and the block number, then retry the operation. For more information on file numbers and block numbers, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01967 invalid option for CREATE CONTROLFILE

    Cause: An invalid CREATE CONTROLFILE option is present.

    Action: Specify only valid CREATE CONTROLFILE options.

ORA-01968 Only specify RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS once

    Cause: The keyword RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS has appeared more than once.

    Action: Be sure to specify RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS exactly once.

ORA-01969 You must specify RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS

    Cause: Missing a RESETLOGS or a NORESETLOGS.

    Action: Be sure to specify RESETLOGS or NORESETLOGS exactly once.

ORA-01970 You must specify a database name for CREATE CONTROLFILE

    Cause: Missing a database name.

    Action: Retype CREATE CONTROLFILE command with the DATABASE keyword.

ORA-01971 Illegal ALTER TRACING option

    Cause: An invalid ALTER TRACING option is present.

    Action: Specify only valid ALTER TRACING options. Examples of valid options are ENABLE and DISABLE. For more information, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01972 Must specify a string for ALTER TRACING ENABLE or DISABLE

    Cause: Something other than a valid identifier was specified for ALTER TRACING ENABLE or DISABLE.

    Action: Specify a valid identifier for ALTER TRACING ENABLE or DISABLE and retry the operation. For more information on valid identifiers, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-01973 Missing change number

    Cause: Keyword CHANGE found but change number not specified.

    Action: Fix the command line and resubmit.

ORA-01974 Illegal archive option

    Cause: An invalid option to the ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE command was specified.

    Action: Check the syntax of the command and retry it.

ORA-01975 Illegal character in change number string

    Cause: An invalid change number was supplied.

    Action: Resubmit the command with a valid change number.

ORA-01976 Missing change number

    Cause: A change number was required, but not supplied.

    Action: Check the syntax of the command, supply a change number where needed, then retry the command.

ORA-01977 Missing thread number

    Cause: Keyword THREAD found but thread number not specified.

    Action: Fix the command line and resubmit.

ORA-01978 Missing sequence number

    Cause: Keyword SEQUENCE found but sequence number not specified.

    Action: Fix the command line and resubmit.

ORA-01979 missing or invalid password for role 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a role without giving the proper password.

    Action: Use the IDENTIFIED BY clause in SET ROLE to specify the correct password.

ORA-01980 error during OS ROLE initialization

    Cause: An operating system error occurred while loading a users OS ROLES.

    Action: Check the operating system error.

ORA-01981 CASCADE CONSTRAINTS must be specified to perform this revoke

    Cause: During this revoke some foreign key constraints will be removed. In order to perform this automatically, CASCADE CONSTRAINTS must be specified.

    Action: Remove the constraints or specify CASCADE CONSTRAINTS.

ORA-01982 invalid auditing option for tables

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT on a table specifies an auditing option that is not legal for tables.

    Action: The following options may not be used for tables and should be removed: REFERENCES, EXECUTE.

ORA-01983 invalid auditing option for DEFAULT

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT on a DEFAULT specifies an auditing option that is not legal for DEFAULT.

    Action: The following options may not be used for DEFAULT and should be removed: REFERENCES.

ORA-01984 invalid auditing option for procedures/packages/functions

    Cause: AUDIT or NOAUDIT on a DEFAULT specifies an auditing option that is not legal for procedures, packages, or functions.

    Action: The following options may not be used for procedures, packages, and functions and should be removed: all but EXECUTE.

ORA-01985 cannot create user as LICENSE_MAX_USERS parameter exceeded

    Cause: Maximum users in the database license limit exceeded.

    Action: Increase license limit.

ORA-01986 invalid option for OPTIMIZER_GOAL

    Cause: An invalid OPTIMIZER_GOAL option is present.

    Action: Check the syntax for OPTIMIZER_GOAL, specify a valid option and re-execute the statement.

ORA-01987 client os username is too long

    Cause: A client's operating system username is too long for the operating system logon to succeed.

    Action: Use a shorter operating system username.

ORA-01988 remote os logon is not allowed

    Cause: Remote operating system login attempted when not allowed.

    Action: Use a local client, or use the REMOTE_OS_AUTHENT system parameter to turn on remote operating system logon.

ORA-01989 role 'string' not authorized by operating system

    Cause: The operating system role does not exist, is not granted to you, or you did not provide the correct password.

    Action: Re-attempt the SET ROLE with a valid operating system role and password, if necessary.

ORA-01990 error opening password file 'string'

    Cause: An attempt to open the specified password file failed because of one of the following errors:

        * An operating system error occurred.
        * ORAPWD is already running, so the password file is locked.

    The environment variables ORA_sid_PWFILE and ORA_PWFILE are not set.

    Action: Check for the above causes and correct as necessary.

ORA-01991 invalid password file 'string'

    Cause: The specified password file name is invalid.

    Action: Specify a correct password file name.

ORA-01992 error closing password file 'string'

    Cause: The password file could not be closed because of an operating system error or because an authentication action failed.

    Action: Check for the above causes and correct as necessary.

ORA-01993 error writing password file 'string'

    Cause: The password file could not be written to because of an operating system error or because an authentication action failed.

    Action: Check for the above causes and correct as necessary.

ORA-01994 GRANT failed: cannot add users to shared password file

    Cause: A grant failed because a user could not be added to the password file. This is because the value of the REMOTE_LOGIN_PASSWORDFILE initialization parameter is set to SHARED.

    Action: To add a user to the password file, shut down the database, change the REMOTE_LOGIN_PASSWORDFILE initialization parameter to EXCLUSIVE, and restart the database.

ORA-01995 error reading password file 'string'

    Cause: An operating system error occurred when trying to read the password file.

    Action: Fix the operating system error.

ORA-01996 GRANT failed: password file 'string' is full

    Cause: The grant failed when a user could not be added to the password file, because all available slots in it were used already.

    Action: Either create a larger password file or free up slots in the password file by revoking the SYSOPER and SYSDBA privileges from some of the remote users. You can determine which remote users are valid and their privileges by issuing the following query in SQL*DBA:

    SELECT * FROM V$REMOTE_USERS;


ORA-01997 GRANT failed: user 'string' is identified externally

    Cause: You cannot grant the SYSOPER or SYSDBA privilege to a user created with the IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY clause.

    Action: If you wish to grant the user the SYSOPER or SYSDBA privileges, drop and re-create the user without the IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY clause.

ORA-01998 REVOKE failed: user SYS always has SYSOPER and SYSDBA

    Cause: You attempted to revoke one of the necessary privileges, SYSOPER or SYSDBA, from user SYS. These privileges cannot be revoked.

    Action: Do not attempt this operation.

ORA-01999 password file mode has changed from 'string' to 'string'

    Cause: Another instance has started with the FORCE_PASSWORD_FILEMODE initialization parameter, which is incompatible with the startup mode of your instance.

    Action: Shut down your instance and start up later when the password file changes are completed for the other instance.

ORA-02000 missing string keyword

    Cause: The statement entered requires the missing keyword.

    Action: Use the specified keyword.

ORA-02001 user SYS is not permitted to create indexes with freelist groups

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an index while running with SYS authorization.

    Action: Indexes cannot be created with SYS authorization. Either do not create the index or switch to USER authorization.

ORA-02002 error while writing to audit trail

    Cause: The auditing facility is unable to write to the AUDIT_TRAIL table. If this error occurs, SQL statements that are currently being audited may also fail. This error will occur if the SYSTEM tablespace runs out of disk space.

    Action: Add space to the SYSTEM tablespace or delete rows from the AUDIT_TRAIL table. If these operations fail or do not eliminate the problem, shut down and restart Oracle with auditing disabled. This is done by setting the initialization parameter AUDIT_TRAIL to FALSE.

ORA-02003 invalid USERENV parameter

    Cause: An invalid parameter was specified for the USERENV function.

    Action: Specify one of the allowable parameters TERMINAL, SESSIONID, ENTRYID, or NLS_LANG.

ORA-02004 security violation

    Cause: A user is attempting to perform an operation without the proper permission, and this fact is being recorded in the AUDIT_TRAIL table. This message only appears in the AUDIT_TRAIL table's return code column.

    Action: For auditing information only; no action required.

ORA-02005 implicit (-1) length not valid for this bind or define datatype

    Cause: A negative length for the define variable was passed to a define function.

    Action: An explicit, non-negative, length parameter must be passed.

ORA-02006 invalid packed decimal format string

    Cause: A packed decimal datatype was passed to a bind or define function, and the format string parameter was either not present or invalid.

    Action: A valid format string parameter must be passed for a packed decimal variable. Check the programming manual for the definition of a packed decimal format string.

ORA-02007 can't use ALLOCATE or DEALLOCATE options with REBUILD

    Cause: Allocate or deallocate storage and rebuild index are not compatible.

    Action: Choose one or the other.

ORA-02008 non-zero scale specified for nonnumeric column

    Cause: A scale factor was specified for a bind or define of a non-numeric variable.

    Action: Set the scale factor to zero, then retry the operation.

ORA-02009 the size specified for a file must not be zero

    Cause: A value of zero was specified in a SIZE or RESIZE clause of a file specification.

    Action: Use correct syntax, or, if allowed, omit the SIZE or RESIZE clause.

ORA-02010 missing host connect string

    Cause: A quoted character string does not follow the keyword USING in the USING clause of a CREATE DATABASE LINK statement.

    Action: Specify the host connect string, then retry the operation.

ORA-02011 duplicate database link name

    Cause: The database link name specified in a CREATE DATABASE LINK statement already exists.

    Action: Either specify a new name or drop the existing link.

ORA-02012 missing USING keyword

    Cause: The keyword USING does not follow the CONNECT TO clause in a CREATE DATABASE LINK statement.

    Action: Specify the USING clause after the CONNECT TO clause.

ORA-02013 missing CONNECT keyword

    Cause: The keyword CONNECT does not follow the database link name in a CREATE DATABASE LINK statement.

    Action: Specify the CONNECT clause after the database link name.

ORA-02014 cannot select FOR UPDATE from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.

    Cause: An attempt was made to SELECT... FOR UPDATE from a view whose defining SELECT statement uses at least one of the following constructs in its outer block: outer join, GROUP BY clause, aggregate functions, SELECT DISTINCT, CONNECT BY clause, or set operation, UNION, INTERSECT, or MINUS.

    Action: Do not use SELECT... FOR UPDATE on this view.

ORA-02015 cannot select FOR UPDATE from remote table

    Cause: An attempt was made to SELECT... FOR UPDATE from a table in a remote database.

    Action: It is not currently possible to SELECT... FOR UPDATE from a table in a remote database. Instead, log in or connect directly to the remote database before entering a SELECT... FOR UPDATE on its tables.

ORA-02016 cannot use a subquery in a START WITH on a remote database

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a subquery in a START WITH clause. Such a subquery is not currently permitted if the table in the FROM clause of the tree query is in a remote database.

    Action: It is necessary to connect directly to the remote database before using a subquery in the START WITH clause.

ORA-02017: integer value required

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Specify an appropriate integer value, then retry the operation.

ORA-02018 database link of same name has an open connection

    Cause: The user is currently connected to a PUBLIC database link with the same name as the database link name specified in a CREATE or DROP DATABASE LINK statement.

    Action: Close the cursors that use the PUBLIC database link.

ORA-02019 connection description for remote database not found

    Cause: An attempt was made to connect or log in to a remote database using a connection description that could not be found.

    Action: Specify an existing database link. Query the data dictionary to see all existing database links. See your operating system-specific Net8 documentation for valid connection descriptors.

ORA-02020 too many database links in use

    Cause: The current session has exceeded the INIT.ORA OPEN_LINKS maximum.

    Action: Increase the OPEN_LINKS limit, or free up some open links by committing or rolling back the transaction and canceling open cursors that reference remote databases.

ORA-02021 DDL operations are not allowed on a remote database

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a DDL operation on a remote database. For example, "CREATE TABLE tablename@remotedbname...".

    Action: To alter the remote database structure, you must connect to the remote database with the appropriate privileges.

ORA-02022 remote statement has unoptimized view with remote object

    Cause: The local view is unoptimized and contains references to objects at the remote database and the statement must be executed at the remote database.

    Action: Create a similar view on the remote database and modify the violating view in the SQL statement with the new view@remote.

ORA-02023 START WITH or CONNECT BY predicate cannot be evaluated by remote data base

    Cause: The statement contains a tree query on a remote database, and the tree query's START WITH or CONNECT BY predicate contains a term that cannot be evaluated at the remote database. Such terms include calls to user functions, calls to USERENV, and references to ROWID.

    Action: Remove the disallowed term, directly connect, or log on to the remote database.

ORA-02024 database link not found

    Cause: Database link to be dropped is not found in dictionary.

    Action: Correct the database link name.

ORA-02025 all tables in the SQL statement must be at the remote database

    Cause: A SQL statement referenced tables from multiple databases, and one or more of the remote databases are not Oracle Servers.

    Action: Remote updates can be performed only if all databases in the SQL statement are Oracle Servers. Update the earlier version databases in a separate statement.

ORA-02026 missing LINK keyword

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-02027 multi-row UPDATE of LONG column is not supported

    Cause: A bind variable with length greater than 4000 bytes is being used to update a column, and the update statement updates more than one row.

    Action: You may only update a single row with such a bind variable.

ORA-02028 fetching an exact number of rows is not supported by the server

    Cause: The server does not support UPIALL, so the fetch of an exact number of rows cannot be emulated on the user side.

    Action: Connect to a valid server or do not use an exact fetch.

ORA-02029 missing FILE keyword

    Cause: A keyword is missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-02030 can only select from fixed tables/views

    Cause: An attempt is being made to perform an operation other than a retrieval from a fixed table/view.

    Action: You may only select rows from fixed tables/views.

ORA-02031 no ROWID for fixed tables or for external-organized tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to access rowid from a fixed table or from an external-organized table.

    Action: Do not access ROWID from a fixed table or from an external-organized table.

ORA-02032 clustered tables cannot be used before the cluster index is built

    Cause: User attempted to perform a DML statement on a clustered table for which no cluster index has yet been created.

    Action: Create the cluster index.

ORA-02033 a cluster index for this cluster already exists

    Cause: A cluster index already exists for the cluster.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02034 speed bind not permitted

    Cause: Speed bind not allowed with supplied bind variables. Trapped internally by the system.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02035 illegal bundled operation combination

    Cause: User requested that the UPI bundled execution call perform an illegal combination of operations.

    Action: Use a legal combination of operations and retry.

ORA-02036 too many variables to describe with automatic cursor open

    Cause: UPI-bundled execution call tried to perform automatic cursor open and close on a describe operation. There were too many SELECT list items or bind variables to do this.

    Action: Open and close cursor explicitly.

ORA-02037 uninitialized speed bind storage

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform a speed-execution call on a SQL statement containing host variables without first performing a speed-bind call.

    Action: Perform a speed-bind call before performing a speed-execution call.

ORA-02038 define is not allowed for array type

    Cause: A user attempted to define a select list variable of type "array". Arrays may serve only as host bind variables.

    Action: Correct the offending code.

ORA-02039 bind by value is not allowed for array type

    Cause: User attempted to bind an array host variable by value. Arrays may be bound only by reference.

    Action: Correct the offending code.

ORA-02040 remote database string does not support two-phase commit

    Cause: A distributed update of more than one database was attempted, but the named database does not support the prepare phase of the two-phase commit, as determined by its logon transaction traits. The transaction was rolled back.

    Action: Do not attempt to update the named database, unless it is the only database updated in the transaction. Distributed updates of more than one database in a single transaction can be performed only if all databases support the two-phase commit mechanism.

ORA-02041 client database did not begin a transaction

    Cause: An update occurred at a coordinated database without the coordinator beginning a distributed transaction. This may happen if a stored procedure commits and then performs updates, and the stored procedure is invoked remotely. It could also happen if an external transaction monitor violates the XA protocol.

    Action: If the cause is the former, check that any commit is not followed by an update.

ORA-02042 too many distributed transactions

    Cause: The distributed transaction table is full because too many distributed transactions are active.

    Action: Increase the DISTRIBUTED_TRANSACTIONS parameter in the initialization parameter file, shut down and restart Oracle, or run fewer transactions. If it is certain there are not too many concurrent distributed transactions, this may be an internal error. In this case, contact Oracle Support Services. Shutting down and restarting the instance could be a workaround.

ORA-02043 must end current transaction before executing string

    Cause: A transaction was in progress and one of the following commands was issued:

        * COMMIT FORCE
        * ROLLBACK FORCE
        * ALTER SYSTEM ENABLE DISTRIBUTED RECOVERY in single process mode

    Action: COMMIT or ROLLBACK the current transaction and retry the command.

ORA-02044 transaction manager login denied: transaction in progress

    Cause: A remote transaction manager tried to log in while a distributed transaction is in progress. A protocol error occurred in the remote transaction manager.

    Action: End the current transaction.

ORA-02045 too many local sessions participating in global transaction

    Cause: There are too many sessions at this site to accommodate this transaction.

    Action: Use an existing database link so that another session need not be created at the remote site.

ORA-02046 distributed transaction already begun

    Cause: This is an internal error not normally encountered. A server session received a BEGIN_TRAN remote procedure call before finishing with a previous distributed transaction.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02047 cannot join the distributed transaction in progress

    Cause: This can happen only when attempting to update an Oracle Version 6 and an Oracle7 database in the same transaction, because either

        * A transaction is in progress against a remote database that does not support two-phase commit.
        * Updates are pending and an attempt was made to update a different database that does not support two-phase commit.

    Action: Complete the current transaction before attempting the action that caused the error.

ORA-02048 attempt to begin distributed transaction without logging on

    Cause: The client program did not issue a distributed transaction login. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02049 timeout: distributed transaction waiting for lock

    Cause: Exceeded INIT.ORA DISTRIBUTED_LOCK_TIMEOUT seconds waiting for lock.

    Action: Treat as a deadlock.

ORA-02050 transaction string rolled back, some remote DBs may be in-doubt

    Cause: Network or remote failure during a two-phase commit.

    Action: Notify operations; remote databases will automatically re-sync when the failure is repaired.

ORA-02051 another session in same transaction failed

    Cause: A session at the same site with same global transaction ID failed.

    Action: No action necessary; the transaction is automatically recovered.

ORA-02052 remote transaction failure at string

    Cause: There was some error in a remote transaction at the named database link.

    Action: More descriptive messages will follow. Correct the problem specified in the following messages and retry the operation.

ORA-02053 transaction string committed, some remote DBs may be in-doubt

    Cause: There was a network failure or a remote failure during the two-phase commit.

    Action: Notify the database administrator. The remote databases will resynchronize automatically when the failure is repaired.

ORA-02054 transaction string in-doubt

    Cause: There was a network failure or a remote failure in the two-phase commit.

    Action: Notify the database administrator. The remote databases will resynchronize automatically when the failure is repaired. Monitor the DBA_2PC_PENDING table for the outcome and resubmit the transaction, if necessary.

ORA-02055 distributed update operation failed; rollback required

    Cause: A failure during a distributed update operation may not have rolled back all effects of the operation. Since some sites may be inconsistent with others, the transaction must roll back to a savepoint or roll back entirely.

    Action: Roll back to a savepoint or roll back the entire transaction and resubmit the rolled-back statements.

ORA-02056 2PC: string: bad two-phase command number string from string

    Cause: There was a two-phase commit protocol error.

    Action: The transaction may automatically recover. Monitor the DBA_2PC_PENDING table to determine the resolution. Enter the transaction again, if necessary. Contact Oracle Support Services if necessary.

ORA-02057 2PC: string: bad two-phase recovery state number string from string

    Cause: An internal error in the two-phase recovery protocol occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02058 no prepared transaction found with ID string

    Cause: No transaction with LOCAL_TRAN_ID or GLOBAL_TRAN_ID found in the PENDING_TRANS$ table in prepared state.

    Action: Check the PENDING_TRANS$ table.

ORA-02059 ORA-2PC-CRASH-TEST-string in commit comment

    Cause: This is a special comment used to test the two-phase commit.

    Action: Do not use this special comment (string a number 1-10).

ORA-02060 select for update specified a join of distributed tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to join tables in different remote databases in a SELECT... FOR UPDATE statement.

    Action: Joined tables in a SELECT statement with the FOR UPDATE clause must reside at the same database. Simplify the SELECT... FOR UPDATE statement so that it joins only tables in the same database.

ORA-02061 lock table specified list of distributed tables

    Cause: Tables in a LOCK TABLE statement must reside at the same database.

    Action: Issue multiple LOCK TABLE commands.

ORA-02062 distributed recovery received DBID string, expected string

    Cause: A database link at a coordinator no longer points to the expected database. Link may have been redefined, or a different database mounted.

    Action: Restore the link definition or the remote database.

ORA-02063 preceding stringstring from stringstring

    Cause: An Oracle error was received from a remote database link.

    Action: Refer to the preceding error message(s).

ORA-02064 distributed operation not supported

    Cause: One of the following unsupported operations was attempted:

        * Array execute of a remote update with a subquery that references a database link, or
        * An update of a long column with bind variable and an update of a second column with a subquery that both references a database link and a bind variable, or
        * A commit is issued in a coordinated session from an RPC with OUT parameters.

    Action: Simplify the remote update statement.

ORA-02065 illegal option for ALTER SYSTEM

    Cause: The option specified for ALTER SYSTEM is not supported.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference for information about options supported.

ORA-02066 missing or invalid DISPATCHERS text

    Cause: A character string literal was expected, but not found, following ALTER SYSTEM SET DISPATCHERS.

    Action: Place the string literal containing the dispatcher's specification after ALTER SYSTEM SET DISPATCHERS.

ORA-02067 transaction or savepoint rollback required

    Cause: A failure (typically a trigger or stored procedure with multiple remote updates) occurred such that the all-or-nothing execution of a previous Oracle call cannot be guaranteed.

    Action: Roll back to a previous savepoint or roll back the transaction and resubmit.

ORA-02068 following severe error from stringstring

    Cause: A severe error (disconnect, fatal Oracle error) was received from the indicated database link. See following error text.

    Action: Contact the remote system administrator.

ORA-02069 global_names parameter must be set to TRUE for this operation

    Cause: A remote mapping of the statement is required but cannot be achieved because GLOBAL_NAMES should be set to TRUE for it to be achieved.

    Action: Issue ALTER SESSION SET GLOBAL_NAMES = TRUE if possible.

ORA-02070 database stringstring does not support string in this context

    Cause: The remote database does not support the named capability in the context in which it is used.

    Action: Simplify the SQL statement.

ORA-02071 error initializing capabilities for remote database string

    Cause: Could not load a remote-specified capability table.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services for the remote SQL*Connect product.

ORA-02072 distributed database network protocol mismatch

    Cause: This should never happen between different PRODUCTION releases of ORACLE, but may happen between alpha and beta releases, for example.

    Action: Upgrade the older release.

ORA-02073 sequence numbers not supported in remote updates

    Cause: Sequence numbers may not be used in INSERTS, UPDATES, or DELETES on remote tables.

    Action: Perform the operation without specifying a sequence number.

ORA-02074 cannot string in a distributed transaction

    Cause: A commit or rollback was attempted from session other than the parent of a distributed transaction.

    Action: Only commit or roll back from the parent session.

ORA-02075 another instance changed state of transaction string

    Cause: A commit force or rollback force was issued from a session in another instance.

    Action: Check if another Oracle instance is performing recovery of pending transactions. Query DBA_2PC_PENDING to determine the new state of the transaction.

ORA-02076 sequence not co-located with updated table or long column

    Cause: All referenced sequences must be located on the same node as the updated table or the long column.

    Action: Correct the problem and then reissue the statement.

ORA-02077 selects of long columns must be from co-located tables

    Cause: All tables returning values of long columns in a SELECT statement must be located at the same node.

    Action: Correct the problem, then reissue the statement.

ORA-02078 invalid setting for ALTER SYSTEM FIXED_DATE

    Cause: An invalid value was used.

    Action: Use a correct value.

ORA-02079 no new sessions may join a committing distributed transaction

    Cause: A call to UPI2BG was issued in a session for a transaction that has begun to commit in a different branch; that is, a call to UPI2EN was issued for a branch of the same transaction in another session. This can only happen when using an external transaction manager.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02080 database link is in use

    Cause: A transaction is active or a cursor is open on the database link given in the ALTER SESSION CLOSE DATABASE LINK link command.

    Action: Commit or roll back, and close all cursors

ORA-02081 database link is not open

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a database link that is not currently open.

    Action: Resolve network problems or contact the remote database administrator to determine if the remote database's problem has been fixed. Contact the local database administrator to determine if network problems have been resolved. Wait until the link is open and try the operation again.

ORA-02082 a loopback database link must have a connection qualifier

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a database link with the same name as the current database.

    Action: This database link needs a trailing qualifier to make the name unique. These qualifiers are operating system-specific. See your operating system-specific Oracle documentation for more information about creating database links.

ORA-02083 database name has illegal character 'string'

    Cause: The database name supplied contains an invalid character. For example, there can be no periods, semicolons, single quotes, double quotes, blanks, or non-printable characters in the database name. See the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for naming rules.

    Action: Specify a valid database name.

ORA-02084 database name is missing a component

    Cause: The complete database name was not provided.

    Action: Specify the full database name.

ORA-02085 database link string connects to string

    Cause: The database link attempted to connect to a database with a different name. The name of the database link must be the same name as the name of the database.

    Action: Create a database link with the same name as the database to which it connects.

ORA-02086 database (link) name is too long

    Cause: The name of the database or database link is too long. Database and database link names can be no longer than 128 characters.

    Action: Specify the correct database or database link name or specify a name with fewer characters.

ORA-02087 object locked by another process in same transaction

    Cause: A database link is being used in the cluster database environment that loops back to the same instance. One session is trying to convert a lock that was obtained by the other session.

    Action: Get the more restrictive lock first. For example, if session 1 gets a share lock and session 2 gets an exclusive lock on the same object, get the exclusive lock first. Or use the same session to access the object.

ORA-02088 distributed database option not installed

    Cause: The distributed database option is not installed at this site, so the requested operation is not possible.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services about obtaining the distributed database option.

ORA-02089 COMMIT is not allowed in a subordinate session

    Cause: COMMIT was issued in a session that is not the two-phase commit global coordinator.

    Action: Issue commit at the global coordinator only.

ORA-02090 network error: attempted callback+passthru

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02091 transaction rolled back

    Cause: The distributed transaction is assigned to the system rollback segment and is trying to get into the prepared state, but the required number of non-PREPARED slots are not available, so the transaction is rolled back.

    If the transaction aborted at a remote site, only ORA-02091 will be seen. If the transaction aborted at the host site, then both ORA-02091 and ORA-02092 will be seen.

    Action: Complete the current transaction and then do the operation required.

ORA-02092 out of transaction table slots for distributed transaction

    Cause: The transaction is assigned to the system rollback segment and is trying to get into the PREPARED state, but the required number of non-PREPARED slots are not available, hence the transaction is rolled back.

    Action: Add a rollback segment and retry the transaction.

ORA-02093 TRANSACTIONS_PER_ROLLBACK_SEGMENT(string) more than maximum possible(string)

    Cause: Value of the parameter specified is greater than allowed on this port.

    Action: Use default or reduce it to less than the maximum.

ORA-02094 replication option not installed

    Cause: The replication option was not installed at this site. Updatable materialized views, deferred RPCs, and other replication features were, therefore, unavailable.

    Action: Install the replication option. The replication option is not part of the Oracle Server product and must be purchased separately. Contact an Oracle Sales representative if the replication option needs to be purchased.

ORA-02095 specified initialization parameter cannot be modified

    Cause: Specified initialization parameter is not modifiable with this option.

    Action: Check the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for information about under what scope the parameter may be modified.

    For more information about modifying an initialization parameter, see the Oracle9i Database Reference.

ORA-02096 specified initialization parameter is not modifiable with this option

    Cause: Though the initialization parameter is modifiable, it cannot be modified using the specified command.

    Action: Check the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for information about under what scope the parameter may be modified

ORA-02097 parameter cannot be modified because specified value is invalid

    Cause: Though the initialization parameter is modifiable, the modified value is not acceptable to the parameter.

    Action: Check the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide for range of acceptable values for this parameter.

ORA-02098 error parsing index-table reference (:I)

    Cause: An incorrect index-table (:I) syntax was encountered.

    Action: This syntax is for Oracle internal use only.
ORA-02100 PCC: out of memory (i.e., could not allocate)

    Cause: SQLLIB was unable to allocate enough memory to execute the program.

    Action: Allocate more memory to the user session and then rerun the program. If the error persists, contact Oracle Support Services for assistance.

ORA-02101 PCC: inconsistent cursor cache (uce/cuc mismatch)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02102 PCC: inconsistent cursor cache (no cuc entry for this uce)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02103 PCC: inconsistent cursor cache (out-of-range cuc ref)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02104 PCC: inconsistent host cache (no cuc available)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02105 PCC: inconsistent cursor cache (no cuc entry in cache)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02106 PCC: inconsistent cursor cache (OraCursor nr is bad)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02107 PCC: this pgm too old for run-time library: please re-PCC it

    Cause: The program was precompiled by an older version of the Oracle Precompilers, which is incompatible with this release of SQLLIB.

    Action: Precompile the program with a newer version of the Oracle Precompilers.

ORA-02108 PCC: invalid descriptor passed to run-time library

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02109 PCC: inconsistent host cache (out-of-range sit ref)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02110 PCC: inconsistent host cache (invalid sqi type)

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02111 PCC: heap consistency error

    Cause: This internal error typically indicates a memory-related error.

    Action: Check the program for memory-related errors, such as invalid pointers or array-bounds violations.

ORA-02112 PCC: SELECT..INTO returns too many rows

    Cause: A SELECT...INTO statement returned more rows than can be stored in the host variable provided.

    Action: There are three possible solutions:

       1. Use the precompiler option SELECT_ERROR=NO.
       2. Declare a host variable with a larger array dimension.
       3. Declare a cursor or cursor variable for the select statement.


ORA-02140 invalid tablespace name

    Cause: An identifier does not follow ALTER TABLESPACE.

    Action: Specify a tablespace name following ALTER TABLESPACE.

ORA-02141 invalid OFFLINE option

    Cause: An option other than NORMAL or IMMEDIATE follows OFFLINE.

    Action: The user must either specify no option following OFFLINE or one of the options NORMAL or IMMEDIATE.

ORA-02142 missing or invalid ALTER TABLESPACE option

    Cause: A valid option is not present.

    Action: Use one of the valid options: add, rename, default, online, offline, read only, read write, begin, end, no, or force.

ORA-02143 invalid STORAGE option

    Cause: An option other than INITIAL, NEXT, MINEXTENTS, MAXEXTENTS, or PCTINCREASE was specified in the STORAGE clause.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-02144 no option specified for ALTER CLUSTER

    Cause: No ALTER CLUSTER options are specified.

    Action: Specify one or more of the following options: PCTFREE, PCTUSED, SIZE, STORAGE.

ORA-02145 missing STORAGE option

    Cause: No STORAGE options were specified following STORAGE (.

    Action: Specify one or more STORAGE option between the parentheses.

ORA-02146 SHARED specified multiple times

    Cause: The SHARED option was specified in a CREATE DATABASE statement multiple times.

    Action: Only specify the SHARED option once.

ORA-02147 conflicting SHARED/EXCLUSIVE options

    Cause: Both the SHARED and EXCLUSIVE options were specified in a CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify SHARED or EXCLUSIVE, but not both.

ORA-02148 EXCLUSIVE specified multiple times

    Cause: The EXCLUSIVE option was specified in a CREATE DATABASE statement multiple times.

    Action: Only specify the EXCLUSIVE option once.

ORA-02149 Specified partition does not exist

    Cause: Partition not found for the object.

    Action: Retry with correct partition name.

ORA-02153 invalid VALUES password string

    Cause: An encoded password string does not follow the VALUES clause.

    Action: Place a proper encoded password string after the VALUES clause.

ORA-02155 invalid DEFAULT tablespace identifier

    Cause: An identifier does not follow DEFAULT TABLESPACE.

    Action: Place a tablespace name after DEFAULT TABLESPACE.

ORA-02156 invalid TEMPORARY tablespace identifier

    Cause: An identifier does not follow TEMPORARY TABLESPACE.

    Action: Place a tablespace name after TEMPORARY TABLESPACE.

ORA-02157 no options specified for ALTER USER

    Cause: No options were specified.

    Action: Specify at least one ALTER USER option.

ORA-02158 invalid CREATE INDEX option

    Cause: An option other than COMPRESS, NOCOMPRESS, PCTFREE, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, TABLESPACE, PARALLEL, NOPARALLEL, RECOVERABLE, UNRECOVERABLE, LOGGING, NOLOGGING, LOCAL, or GLOBAL was specified.

    Action: Choose one of the valid CREATE INDEX options.

ORA-02159 installed DLM does not support releasable locking mode

    Cause: The parameter file specified GC_* parameters that allow locks to be release by the LCK process when not in use. This mode requires additional support from the DLM that is not available.

    Action: Specify configuration parameters that do not require the additional function.

ORA-02160 index-organized table can not contain columns of type LONG

    Cause: A column of type LONG defined for index-organized table.

    Action: Do not use columns of type LONG in index-organized tables.

ORA-02161 invalid value for MAXLOGFILES

    Cause: A number does not follow MAXLOGFILES.

    Action: Specify a number after MAXLOGFILES.

ORA-02162 invalid value for MAXDATAFILES

    Cause: A number does not follow MAXDATAFILES.

    Action: Specify a number after MAXDATAFILES.

ORA-02163 invalid value for FREELIST GROUPS

    Cause: A number does not follow FREELIST GROUPS.

    Action: Specify a number after FREELIST GROUPS.

ORA-02164 DATAFILE clause specified more than once

    Cause: The CREATE DATABASE command contains more than one DATAFILE clause.

    Action: Specify at most one DATAFILE clause.

ORA-02165 invalid option for CREATE DATABASE

    Cause: An invalid CREATE DATABASE option is present.

    Action: Specify only valid CREATE DATABASE options.

ORA-02166 ARCHIVELOG and NOARCHIVELOG specified

    Cause: Both ARCHIVELOG and NOARCHIVELOG are specified in a CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify at most one of these two options.

ORA-02167 LOGFILE clause specified more than once

    Cause: The CREATE DATABASE command contains more than one LOGFILE clause.

    Action: Specify at most one LOGFILE clause.

ORA-02168 invalid value for FREELISTS

    Cause: A number does not follow FREELISTS.

    Action: Specify a number after FREELISTS.

ORA-02169 FREELISTS storage option not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify the FREELISTS storage option. This option may only be specified during create table or create index.

    Action: Remove these options and retry the statement.

ORA-02170 FREELIST GROUPS storage option not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify the FREELIST GROUPS storage option. This option may be specified only when using the CREATE TABLE command and when the ALLOW_FREELIST_GROUPS parameter is specified in the initialization parameter file.

    Action: Retry the statement without the FREELIST GROUPS storage option or set the ALLOW_FREELIST_GROUPS parameter in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-02171 invalid value for MAXLOGHISTORY

    Cause: A number does not follow MAXLOGHISTORY.

    Action: Specify a number after MAXLOGHISTORY.

ORA-02172 The PUBLIC keyword is not appropriate for a disable thread

    Cause: The PUBLIC keyword was specified for a disable.

    Action: Remove the keyword and resubmit.

ORA-02173 invalid option for DROP TABLESPACE

    Cause: Either a token other than INCLUDING was found following the tablespace name or some text was found following INCLUDING CONTENTS.

    Action: Place nothing or only INCLUDING CONTENTS after the tablespace name.

ORA-02174 Missing required thread number

    Cause: A thread number must be specified after THREAD keyword.

    Action: Use correct syntax.

ORA-02175 invalid rollback segment name

    Cause: In the CREATE or DROP ROLLBACK SEGMENT statements, an identifier was not found following ROLLBACK SEGMENT.

    Action: Place the segment name following ROLLBACK SEGMENT.

ORA-02176 invalid option for CREATE ROLLBACK SEGMENT

    Cause: An invalid option was specified in a CREATE ROLLBACK SEGMENT statement.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: TABLESPACE and STORAGE.

ORA-02177 Missing required group number

    Cause: A group number must be specified after GROUP keyword.

    Action: Check the syntax of the command, specify a group number after GROUP, and retry it.

ORA-02178 correct syntax is: SET TRANSACTION READ { ONLY | WRITE }

    Cause: There is a syntax error in the user's statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax as indicated.

ORA-02179 valid options: ISOLATION LEVEL { SERIALIZABLE | READ COMMITTED }

    Cause: There is a syntax error in the user's statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax as indicated.

ORA-02180 invalid option for CREATE TABLESPACE

    Cause: An invalid option appears.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: DATAFILE, DEFAULT STORAGE, ONLINE, OFFLINE, or FORCE.

ORA-02181 invalid option to ROLLBACK WORK

    Cause: A token other than TO follows ROLLBACK [WORK].

    Action: Place nothing or TO SAVEPOINT name after ROLLBACK [WORK].

ORA-02182 savepoint name expected

    Cause: An identifier does not follow ROLLBACK [WORK] TO [SAVEPOINT].

    Action: Place a savepoint name following TO [SAVEPOINT].

ORA-02183 valid options: ISOLATION_LEVEL { SERIALIZABLE | READ COMMITTED }

    Cause: There is a syntax error in the user's statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax as indicated.

ORA-02184 resource quotas are not allowed in REVOKE

    Cause: In a revoke statement, a resource quota was specified.

    Action: Specify resource privilege without the quota.

ORA-02185 a token other than WORK follows COMMIT

    Cause: A token other than WORK follows COMMIT.

    Action: Place either nothing or WORK after COMMIT.

ORA-02186 tablespace resource privilege may not appear with other privileges

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke a resource quota in the same statement in which other privileges are granted or revoked.

    Action: Use a separate grant or revoke statement for the resource quota privilege.

ORA-02187 invalid quota specification

    Cause: In a grant or revoke statement, an attempt was made to grant a tablespace quota above the upper limit.

    Action: Grant a smaller tablespace quota.

ORA-02189 ON tablespace required

    Cause: In a grant or revoke statement, the user specified a tablespace quota but did not follow it with the ON tablespace clause.

    Action: Specify the tablespace on which the quota is to be applied with the ON tablespace clause.

ORA-02190 keyword TABLES expected

    Cause: The keyword TABLES is expected following DROP CLUSTER name INCLUDING.

    Action: Place TABLES after INCLUDING.

ORA-02191 correct syntax is: SET TRANSACTION USE ROLLBACK SEGMENT rbs

    Cause: There is a syntax error in the user's statement.

    Action: Correct the syntax as indicated.

ORA-02192 PCTINCREASE not allowed for rollback segment storage clauses

    Cause: The storage parameter PCTINCREASE was specified in a CREATE or ALTER ROLLBACK SEGMENT command.

    Action: Retry the command without the PCTINCREASE clause.

ORA-02194 event specification syntax error string (minor error string) near 'string'

    Cause: There is a syntax error in an event specification.

    Action: Check syntax and spelling and try again.

ORA-02195 Attempt to create string object in a string tablespace

    Cause: The object type is inconsistent with a tablespace contents.

    Action: Create an object in a different tablespace, or change the user defaults.

ORA-02196 PERMANENT/TEMPORARY option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the PERMANENT and/or TEMPORARY options were specified more than once.

    Action: Specify at least one of REBUILD, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, or STORAGE.

    For more information about the parameters of CREATE TABLESPACE, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-02197 file list already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, more than one DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clause was specified.

    Action: Merge the DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clauses into a single clause.

ORA-02198 ONLINE/OFFLINE option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the ONLINE and/or OFFLINE options were specified more than once.

    Action: Specify at most one of ONLINE or OFFLINE.

ORA-02199 missing DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clause

    Cause: A CREATE TABLESPACE statement has no DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clause.

    Action: Specify a DATAFILE/TEMPFILE clause.

ORA-02200 WITH GRANT OPTION not allowed for PUBLIC

    Cause: An attempt was made to GRANT to PUBLIC WITH GRANT OPTION.

    Action: Remove the WITH GRANT OPTION clause.

ORA-02201 sequence not allowed here

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference a sequence in a from-list.

    Action: A sequence can only be referenced in a select-list.

ORA-02202 no more tables permitted in this cluster

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a table in a cluster which already contains 32 tables.

    Action: Up to 32 tables may be stored per cluster.

ORA-02203 INITIAL storage options not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter the INITIAL storage option of a table, cluster, index, or rollback segment. These options may only be specified when the object is created.

    Action: Remove these options and retry the statement.

ORA-02204 ALTER, INDEX and EXECUTE not allowed for views

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke an invalid privilege on a view.

    Action: Do not attempt to grant or revoke any of ALTER, INDEX, or EXECUTE privileges on views.

ORA-02205 only SELECT and ALTER privileges are valid for sequences

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke an invalid privilege on a sequence.

    Action: Do not attempt to grant or revoke DELETE, INDEX, INSERT, UPDATE, REFERENCES or EXECUTE privilege on sequences.

ORA-02206 duplicate INITRANS option specification

    Cause: INITRANS is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify INITRANS at most once.

ORA-02207 invalid INITRANS option value

    Cause: The INITRANS value is not an integer between 1 and 255 and less than or equal to the MAXTRANS value.

    Action: Choose a valid INITRANS value.

ORA-02208 duplicate MAXTRANS option specification

    Cause: MAXTRANS is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify MAXTRANS at most once.

ORA-02209 invalid MAXTRANS option value

    Cause: The MAXTRANS value is not an integer between 1 and 255 and greater than or equal to the INITRANS value.

    Action: Choose a valid MAXTRANS value.

ORA-02210 no options specified for ALTER TABLE

    Cause: No ALTER TABLE option was specified.

    Action: Specify at least one alter table option.

ORA-02211 invalid value for PCTFREE or PCTUSED

    Cause: The specified value for PCTFREE or PCTUSED is not an integer between 0 and 100.

    Action: Choose an appropriate value for the option.

ORA-02212 duplicate PCTFREE option specification

    Cause: PCTFREE option specified more than once.

    Action: Specify PCTFREE at most once.

ORA-02213 duplicate PCTUSED option specification

    Cause: PCTUSED option specified more than once.

    Action: Specify PCTUSED at most once.

ORA-02214 duplicate BACKUP option specification

    Cause: The BACKUP option to ALTER TABLE is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the option at most once.

ORA-02215 duplicate tablespace name clause

    Cause: There is more than one TABLESPACE clause in the CREATE TABLE, CREATE INDEX, or CREATE ROLLBACK SEGMENT statement.

    Action: Specify at most one TABLESPACE clause.

ORA-02216 tablespace name expected

    Cause: A tablespace name is not present where required by the syntax for one of the following statements: CREATE/DROP TABLESPACE, CREATE TABLE, CREATE INDEX, or CREATE ROLLBACK SEGMENT.

    Action: Specify a tablespace name where required by the syntax.

ORA-02217 duplicate storage option specification

    Cause: A storage option (INIITAL, NEXT, MINEXTENTS, MAXEXTENTS, PCTINCREASE) is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify all storage options at most once.

ORA-02218 invalid INITIAL storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value.

ORA-02219 invalid NEXT storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value.

ORA-02220 invalid MINEXTENTS storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be a positive integer less than or equal to MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-02221 invalid MAXEXTENTS storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be a positive integer greater than or equal to MINEXTENTS.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-02222 invalid PCTINCREASE storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be a positive integer.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-02223 invalid OPTIMAL storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value.

ORA-02224 EXECUTE privilege not allowed for tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke an invalid privilege on a table.

    Action: Do not attempt to grant or revoke EXECUTE privilege on tables.

ORA-02225 only EXECUTE and DEBUG privileges are valid for procedures

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke an invalid privilege on a procedure, function or package.

    Action: Do not attempt to grant or revoke any privilege besides EXECUTE or DEBUG on procedures, functions or packages.

ORA-02226 invalid MAXEXTENTS value (max allowed: string)

    Cause: The MAXEXTENTS specified is too large for the database block size. This applies only to SYSTEM rollback segment.

    Action: Specify a smaller value.

ORA-02227 invalid cluster name

    Cause: A cluster name was not properly formed.

    Action: Check the rules for forming object names and enter an appropriate cluster name.

ORA-02228 duplicate SIZE specification

    Cause: The SIZE option is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the SIZE option at most once.

ORA-02229 invalid SIZE option value

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer number of bytes.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-02230 invalid ALTER CLUSTER option

    Cause: An option other than PCTFREE, PCTUSED, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, or SIZE is specified in an ALTER CLUSTER statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-02231 missing or invalid option to ALTER DATABASE

    Cause: An option other than ADD, DROP, RENAME, ARCHIVELOG, NOARCHIVELOG, MOUNT, DISMOUNT, OPEN, or CLOSE is specified in the statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-02232 invalid MOUNT mode

    Cause: A mode other than SHARED or EXCLUSIVE follows the MOUNT keyword in an ALTER DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify either SHARED, EXCLUSIVE, or nothing following MOUNT.

ORA-02233 invalid CLOSE mode

    Cause: A mode other than NORMAL or IMMEDIATE follows the CLOSE keyword in an ALTER DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify either NORMAL, IMMEDIATE, or nothing following CLOSE.

ORA-02234 changes to this table are already logged

    Cause: The log table to be added is a duplicate of another.

    Action: Do not add this change log to the system; check that the replication product's system tables are consistent.

ORA-02235 this table logs changes to another table already

    Cause: The table to be altered is already a change log for another table.

    Action: Do not log changes to the specified base table to this table; check that the replication product's system tables are consistent.

ORA-02236 invalid file name

    Cause: A character string literal was not used in the file name list of a LOGFILE, DATAFILE, or RENAME clause.

    Action: Use correct syntax.

ORA-02237 invalid file size

    Cause: A non-integer value was specified in the SIZE or RESIZE clause.

    Action: Use correct syntax.

ORA-02238 filename lists have different numbers of files

    Cause: In a RENAME clause in ALTER DATABASE or TABLESPACE, the number of existing file names does not equal the number of new file names.

    Action: Make sure there is a new file name to correspond to each existing file name.

ORA-02239 there are objects which reference this sequence

    Cause: The sequence to be dropped is still referenced by other objects.

    Action: Make sure the sequence name is correct or drop the constraint or object that references the sequence.

ORA-02240 invalid value for OBJNO or TABNO

    Cause: A number does not follow either OBJNO or TABNO.

    Action: Specify a number after OBJNO or TABNO.

ORA-02241 must of form EXTENTS (FILE n BLOCK n SIZE n, ...)

    Cause: There was an error in the extent storage clause.

    Action: Respecify the storage clause using the correct syntax and retry the command.

ORA-02242 no options specified for ALTER INDEX

    Cause: No options specified.

    Action: Specify at least one of REBUILD, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, or STORAGE.

ORA-02243 invalid ALTER INDEX or ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW option

    Cause: An option other than INITRANS, MAXTRANS, or STORAGE is specified in an ALTER INDEX statement or in the USING INDEX clause of an ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-02244 invalid ALTER ROLLBACK SEGMENT option

    Cause: The STORAGE option is expected but not found.

    Action: Specify the STORAGE option.

ORA-02245 invalid ROLLBACK SEGMENT name

    Cause: An identifier was expected, but not found, following ALTER [PUBLIC] ROLLBACK SEGMENT.

    Action: Place a rollback segment name following SEGMENT.

ORA-02246 missing EVENTS text

    Cause: A character string literal was expected, but not found, following ALTER SESSION SET EVENTS.

    Action: Place the string literal containing the events text after EVENTS.

ORA-02247 no option specified for ALTER SESSION

    Cause: The option SET EVENTS was expected, but not found, following ALTER SESSION.

    Action: Place the SET EVENTS option after ALTER SESSION.

ORA-02248 invalid option for ALTER SESSION

    Cause: An option other than SET EVENTS was found following the ALTER SESSION command.

    Action: Specify the SET EVENTS option after the ALTER SESSION command and try again.

ORA-02249 missing or invalid value for MAXLOGMEMBERS

    Cause: A valid number does not follow MAXLOGMEMBERS. The value specified must be between 1 and the port-specific maximum number of log file members.

    Action: Specify a valid number after MAXLOGMEMBERS.

ORA-02250 missing or invalid constraint name

    Cause: The constraint name is missing or invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid identifier name for the constraint name.

ORA-02251 subquery not allowed here

    Cause: Subquery is not allowed here in the statement.

    Action: Remove the subquery from the statement.

ORA-02252 check constraint condition not properly ended

    Cause: The specified search condition for the check constraint is not properly ended.

    Action: End the condition properly.

ORA-02253 constraint specification not allowed here

    Cause: Constraint specification is not allowed here in the statement.

    Action: Remove the constraint specification from the statement.

ORA-02254 DEFAULT expression not allowed here

    Cause: Default value expression is not allowed for the column here in the statement.

    Action: Remove the default value expression from the statement.

ORA-02255: NOT NULL not allowed after DEFAULT NULL

    Cause: A NOT NULL specification conflicts with the NULL default value.

    Action: Remove either the NOT NULL or the DEFAULT NULL specification and try again.

ORA-02256 number of referencing columns must match referenced columns

    Cause: The number of columns in the foreign-key referencing list is not equal to the number of columns in the referenced list.

    Action: Make sure that the referencing columns match the referenced columns.

ORA-02257 maximum number of columns exceeded

    Cause: The number of columns in the key list exceeds the maximum number.

    Action: Reduce the number columns in the list.

ORA-02258 duplicate or conflicting NULL and/or NOT NULL specifications

    Cause: A duplicate or conflicting NULL and/or NOT NULL was specified.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02259 duplicate UNIQUE/PRIMARY KEY specifications

    Cause: A duplicate unique or primary key was specified.

    Action: Remove the duplicate specification and try again.

ORA-02260 table can have only one primary key

    Cause: Two or more primary keys were specified for the same table.

    Action: Remove the extra primary keys and try again.

ORA-02261 such unique or primary key already exists in the table

    Cause: A unique or primary key was specified that already exists for the table.

    Action: Remove the extra key and try again.

ORA-02262 ORA-string occurs while type-checking column default value expressionexpression

    Cause: New column datatype causes type-checking error for existing column default value expression.

    Action: Remove the default value expression or do not alter the column datatype.

ORA-02263 need to specify the datatype for this column

    Cause: The required datatype for the column is missing.

    Action: Specify the required datatype.

ORA-02264 name already used by an existing constraint

    Cause: The specified constraint name has to be unique.

    Action: Specify a unique constraint name for the constraint.

ORA-02265 cannot derive the datatype of the referencing column

    Cause: The datatype of the referenced column is not defined as yet.

    Action: Make sure that the datatype of the referenced column is defined before referencing it.

ORA-02266 unique/primary keys in table referenced by enabled foreign keys

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop or truncate a table with unique or primary keys referenced by foreign keys enabled in another table.

    Action: Before dropping or truncating the table, disable the foreign key constraints in other tables. You can see what constraints are referencing a table by issuing the following command:

    select constraint_name, table_name, status
    from user_constraints
    where r_constraint_name in (
    select constraint_name from user_constraints where table_name 
    ='tabnam');


ORA-02267 column type incompatible with referenced column type

    Cause: The datatype of the referencing column is incompatible with the datatype of the referenced column.

    Action: Select a compatible datatype for the referencing column.

ORA-02268 referenced table does not have a primary key

    Cause: The referenced table does not have a primary key.

    Action: Specify explicitly the referenced table unique key.

ORA-02269 key column cannot be of LONG datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a key column of datatype LONG. This is not allowed.

    Action: Change the datatype of the column or remove the LONG column from the key, and try again.

ORA-02270 no matching unique or primary key for this column-list

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference a unique or primary key in a table with a CREATE or ALTER TABLE statement when no such key exists in the referenced table.

    Action: Add the unique or primary key to the table or find the correct names of the columns with the primary or unique key, and try again.

ORA-02271 table does not have such constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference a table using a constraint that does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling of the constraint name or add the constraint to the table, and try again.

ORA-02272 constrained column cannot be of LONG datatype

    Cause: A constrained column cannot be defined as datatype LONG. This is not allowed.

    Action: Change the datatype of the column or remove the constraint on the column, and try again.

ORA-02273 this unique/primary key is referenced by some foreign keys

    Cause: A unique or primary key referenced by foreign keys cannot be dropped.

    Action: Remove all references to the key before dropping it.

ORA-02274 duplicate referential constraint specifications

    Cause: A referential constraint was specified more than once. This is not allowed.

    Action: Remove the duplicate specification.

ORA-02275 such a referential constraint already exists in the table

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a referential constraint that already exists. This would result in duplicate specifications and so is not allowed.

    Action: Be sure to specify a constraint only once.

ORA-02276 default value type incompatible with column type

    Cause: The type of the evaluated default expression is incompatible with the datatype of the column.

    Action: Change the type of the column, or modify the default expression.

ORA-02277 invalid sequence name

    Cause: The specified sequence name is not a valid identifier name.

    Action: Specify a valid identifier name for the sequence name.

ORA-02278 duplicate or conflicting MAXVALUE/NOMAXVALUE specifications

    Cause: Duplicate or conflicting MAXVALUE and/or NOMAXVALUE specifications.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02279 duplicate or conflicting MINVALUE/NOMINVALUE specifications

    Cause: Duplicate or conflicting MINVALUE and/or NOMINVALUE clauses were specified.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02280 duplicate or conflicting CYCLE/NOCYCLE specifications

    Cause: Duplicate or conflicting CYCLE and/or NOCYCLE clauses were specified.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02281 duplicate or conflicting CACHE/NOCACHE specifications

    Cause: Duplicate or conflicting CACHE and/or NOCACHE clauses were specified.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02282 duplicate or conflicting ORDER/NOORDER specifications

    Cause: Duplicate or conflicting ORDER and/or NOORDER clauses were specified.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting specifications and try again.

ORA-02283 cannot alter starting sequence number

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a starting sequence number. This is not allowed.

    Action: Do not try to alter a starting sequence number.

ORA-02284 duplicate INCREMENT BY specifications

    Cause: A duplicate INCREMENT BY clause was specified.

    Action: Remove the duplicate specification and try again.

ORA-02285 duplicate START WITH specifications

    Cause: A duplicate START WITH clause was specified.

    Action: Remove the duplicate specification and try again.

ORA-02286 no options specified for ALTER SEQUENCE

    Cause: No ALTER SEQUENCE option was specified.

    Action: Check the syntax. Then specify at least one ALTER SEQUENCE option.

ORA-02287 sequence number not allowed here

    Cause: The specified sequence number reference, CURRVAL or NEXTVAL, is inappropriate at this point in the statement.

    Action: Check the syntax. Then remove or relocate the sequence number.

ORA-02288 invalid OPEN mode

    Cause: A mode other than RESETLOGS was specified in an ALTER DATABASE OPEN statement. RESETLOGS is the only valid OPEN mode.

    Action: Remove the invalid mode from the statement or replace it with the keyword RESETLOGS, and try again.

ORA-02289 sequence does not exist

    Cause: The specified sequence does not exist, or the user does not have the required privilege to perform this operation.

    Action: Make sure the sequence name is correct, and that you have the right to perform the desired operation on this sequence.

ORA-02290 check constraint (string.string) violated

    Cause: The value or values attempted to be entered in a field or fields violate a defined check constraint.

    Action: Enter values that satisfy the constraint.

ORA-02291 integrity constraint (string.string) violated - parent key not found

    Cause: A foreign key value has no matching primary key value.

    Action: Delete the foreign key or add a matching primary key.

ORA-02292 integrity constraint (string.string) violated - child record found

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a row that is referenced by a foreign key.

    Action: It is necessary to DELETE or UPDATE the foreign key before changing this row.

ORA-02293 cannot validate (string.string) - check constraint violated

    Cause: An attempt was made via an ALTERTABLE statement to add a check constraint to a populated table that had no complying values.

    Action: Retry the ALTER TABLE statement, specifying a check constraint on a table containing complying values. For more information about ALTER TABLE, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-02294 cannot enable (string.string) - constraint changed during validation

    Cause: While one DDL statement was attempting to enable this constraint, another DDL changed this same constraint.

    Action: Try again, with only one DDL changing the constraint this time.

ORA-02295 found more than one enable/disable clause for constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made via a CREATE or ALTER TABLE statement to specify more than one ENABLE and/or DISABLE clause for a given constraint.

    Action: Only one ENABLE or DISABLE clause may be specified for a given constraint.

ORA-02296 cannot enable (string.string) - null values found

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE command with an ENABLE CONSTRAINT clause failed because the table contains values that do not satisfy the constraint.

    Action: Make sure that all values in the table satisfy the constraint before issuing an ALTER TABLE command with an ENABLE CONSTRAINT clause. For more information about ALTER TABLE and ENABLE CONSTRAINT, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-02297 cannot disable constraint (string.string) - dependencies exist

    Cause: An alter table disable constraint failed because the table has foreign keys that are dependent on the constraint.

    Action: Either disable the foreign key constraints or use a DISABLE CASCADE command.

ORA-02298 cannot validate (string.string) - parent keys not found

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE ENABLE CONSTRAINT command failed because the table has orphaned child records.

    Action: Make sure that the table has no orphaned child records before issuing an ALTER TABLE ENABLE CONSTRAINT command. For more information about ALTER TABLE and ENABLE CONSTRAINT, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-02299 cannot validate (string.string) - duplicate keys found

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE ENABLE CONSTRAINT command failed because the table has duplicate key values.

    Action: Make sure that the table has no duplicate key values before issuing an ALTER TABLE ENABLE CONSTRAINT command. For more information about ALTER TABLE and ENABLE CONSTRAINT, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-02300 invalid value for OIDGENERATORS

    Cause: A number was not specified for the value of OIDGENERATORS.

    Action: Specify a number for OIDGENERATORS.

ORA-02301 maximum number of OIDGENERATORS is 255

    Cause: A number greater than 255 was specified for the value of OIDGENERATORS.

    Action: Make sure the number specified for OIDGENERATORS does not exceed 255.

ORA-02302 invalid or missing type name

    Cause: An invalid or missing type name was entered in a statement.

    Action: Enter a valid type name in the statement and retry the operation.

ORA-02303 cannot drop or replace a type with type or table dependents

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop or replace a type that has dependents. There could be a substitutable column of a supertype of the type being dropped.

    Action: Drop all types and tables depending on the type, then retry the operation using the VALIDATE option, or use the FORCE option.

ORA-02304 invalid object identifier literal

    Cause: An attempt was made to enter an object identifier literal for CREATE TYPE that is either:

        * Not a string of 32 hexadecimal characters
        * An object identifier that already identifies an existing object
        * An object identifier different from the original object identifier already assigned to the type

    Action: Do not specify the object identifier clause or specify a 32 hexadecimal-character object identifier literal that is unique or identical to the originally assigned object identifier. Then retry the operation.

ORA-02305 only EXECUTE, DEBUG, and UNDER privileges are valid for types

    Cause: An attempt was made to GRANT or REVOKE an invalid privilege (not EXECUTE, DEBUG, or UNDER) on a type.

    Action: GRANT or REVOKE only the EXECUTE, DEBUG, or UNDER privilege on types.

ORA-02306 cannot create a type that already has valid dependent(s)

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a type that already has some valid dependent(s) (these dependents depend on the fact that the type does not exist).

    Action: Drop the dependents first before creating the type, or do not create the type.

ORA-02307 cannot alter with REPLACE option a type that is not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to ALTER with REPLACE option a type that is not valid.

    Action: Use the CREATE OR REPLACE TYPE command to modify the type.

ORA-02308 invalid option string for object type column

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid option, such as PACKED or UNPACKED, for the object type column.

    Action: Remove the invalid option from column specification and retry the operation.

ORA-02309 atomic NULL violation

    Cause: An attempt was made to access the attributes of a NULL object instance.

    Action: Ensure that the object instance is non-NULL before accessing.

ORA-02310 exceeded maximum number of allowable columns in table

    Cause: The attributes in the object type column exceeded the maximum number of columns allowed in a table.

    Action: Specify fewer attributes for the object type and retry the operation.

ORA-02311 cannot alter with COMPILE option a valid type with type or table dependents

    Cause: An attempt was made to ALTER with COMPILE option a type that is valid and has type or table dependents.

    Action: No need to perform this operation.

ORA-02313 object type contains non-queryable type string attribute

    Cause: The specified object type contains a nested attribute whose type is non-queryable.

    Action: Use an object type with queryable attribute types.

ORA-02315 incorrect number of arguments for default constructor

    Cause: The number of arguments specified for the default constructor does not match the number of attributes of the object type.

    Action: Specify the correct number of arguments for the default constructor and retry the operation.

ORA-02320 failure in creating storage table for nested table column string

    Cause: An error occurred while creating the storage table for the specified nested table column.

    Action: See the messages that follow for more details. If the situation they describe can be corrected, do so; otherwise contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02322 failure in accessing storage table of the nested table column

    Cause: An error occurred while performing DML on the storage table of the nested table column.

    Action: If the situation described in the following messages can be corrected, do so; otherwise contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02324 more than one column in the SELECT list of THE subquery

    Cause: More than one column was selected in the THE subquery.

    Action: Specify only one column in the SELECT list of the THE subquery and retry the operation.

ORA-02327 cannot create index on expression with datatype string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an index on a non-indexable expression.

    Action: Change the column datatype or do not create the index on an expression whose datatype is one of VARRAY, nested table, object, LOB, or REF.

ORA-02329 column of datatype string cannot be unique or a primary key

    Cause: An attempt was made to place a UNIQUE or a PRIMARY KEY constraint on a column of datatype VARRAY, nested table, object, LOB, FILE or REF.

    Action: Change the column datatype or remove the constraint. Then retry the operation.

ORA-02330 datatype specification not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify the data type in the column constraint specification of an object table.

    Action: Remove data type specification and retry the operation.

ORA-02331 cannot create constraint on column of datatype string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a constraint on a column possessing a non-constrainable datatype: VARRAY, nested table, object, LOB, FILE, or REF.

    Action: Change the column datatype, or remove the constraint.

ORA-02332 cannot create index on attributes of this column

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an index on an attributes of an object type column.

    Action: Do not specify the index on the attribute.

ORA-02333 cannot create constraints on attributes of this column

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a constraint on an attribute of an object type column.

    Action: Remove the constraint or change the object type.

ORA-02334 cannot infer type for column

    Cause: A datatype was not declared for this column (in the CREATE TABLE) and an attempt was made to create a constraint on an attribute of this column.

    Action: Declare a datatype for the column.

ORA-02335 invalid datatype for cluster column

    Cause: An attempt was made to declare a CLUSTER column of datatype object, REF, nested table, VARRAY, LOB, or FILE.

    Action: Remove the CLUSTER column or change the datatype of the column.

ORA-02336 column attribute cannot be accessed

    Cause: An attempt was made to extract an attribute of an object type column.

    Action: Change the object type for the column and retry the operation.

ORA-02337 not an object type column

    Cause: An attempt was made to use dotted notation on a non-ADT column; that is, "a.b.c" where "a" is not an object type.

    Action: Either change the column type to an object type or do not perform this operation.

ORA-02338 missing or invalid column constraint specification

    Cause: A column constraint was not specified.

    Action: Remove the column specification or specify a column constraint. Then retry the operation.

ORA-02339 invalid column specification

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify the PACKED or UNPACKED keyword for a non-object type column.

    Action: Remove the PACKED or UNPACKED keyword in the column specification and retry the operation.

ORA-02340 invalid column specification

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an UNPACKED column within a packed table.

    Action: Remove the UNPACKED keyword in the column specification.

ORA-02342 replacement type has compilation errors

    Cause: The use of the ALTER...REPLACE statement on a valid type caused a compilation error.

    Action: Use the ALTER...REPLACE statement to replace the type with a valid type which does not cause compilation errors.

ORA-02344 cannot revoke execute on a type with table dependents

    Cause: An attempt was made to revoke execute on a type that has dependents.

    Action: Drop all table(s) depending on the type, then retry the operation, or use the FORCE option.

ORA-02345 cannot create a view with column based on CURSOR operator

    Cause: A CURSOR operator was used as one of the SELECT elements in the subquery of a CREATE VIEW or CREATE TABLE ... AS SELECT statement.

    Action: Remove the CURSOR operator and replace it with the CAST operator.

ORA-02347 cannot grant privileges on columns of an object table

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant privileges on the columns of an object table.

    Action: Choose another table. Privileges cannot be granted on columns of an object table.

ORA-02348 cannot create VARRAY column with embedded LOB

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a column of a VARRAY type which has an embedded LOB attribute. The LOB could be an attribute of a subtype of the declared type of VARRAY's element.

    Action: Remove the offending attribute from the type. If it is a subtype attribute then declare the VARRAY column NOT SUBSTITUTABLE.

ORA-02349 invalid user-defined type - type is incomplete

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an incomplete type definition as a column or table datatype.

    Action: Complete the type definition and retry the operation.

ORA-02351 Record string: Rejected - Error on table string, column string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an Oracle error on insert.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record.

ORA-02352 Direct path connection must be homogeneous

    Cause: The user-side to kernel-side connection is heterogeneous.

    Action: In versions prior to 9.0.0, the connection must be between identical hardware and operating systems. In addition, the SQL*Loader and RDBMS versions must be the same.

ORA-02353 Multibyte character error

    Cause: Text specified by POSITION or terminated by newlines is invalid.

    Action: Edit the control file or the datafile to fix alignment of column.

ORA-02354 Conversion initialization error occurred on field string

    Cause: An error occurred during conversion initialization for a field. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02355 Conversion error occurred on CONSTANT field string

    Cause: A CONSTANT field caused an Oracle error; all rows will be rejected.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record.

ORA-02356 The database is out of space. The load cannot continue

    Cause: The load was discontinued due to space exhaustion in the database.

    Action: Add space for the specified table.

ORA-02357 Packed Decimal conversion error

    Cause: The column could not be converted from packed decimal to character.

    Action: Check the column and make it conform to packed decimal format.

ORA-02358 Zoned Decimal conversion error

    Cause: The column could not be converted from packed decimal to character.

    Action: Check the column and make it conform to packed decimal format.

ORA-02359 Field in data file exceeded maximum specified length

    Cause: The field is too long for the specified column.

    Action: Shorten the field so that its length is less than or equal to the column length.

ORA-02360 Column not found before end of logical record (use TRAILING NULLCOLS)

    Cause: A column started after the end of the logical record had been reached.

    Action: Use the TRAILING NULLCOLS option or supply data for the column.

ORA-02361 Initial enclosing character not found

    Cause: The initial enclosing character of an enclosed field was not found.

    Action: Supply the character before the start of the field.

ORA-02362 Logical record ended - second enclosing character not present

    Cause: The second enclosing character of an enclosed field was not found.

    Action: Supply the character after the end of the field.

ORA-02363 No terminator found after TERMINATED and ENCLOSED field

    Cause: No terminator was found after a terminated and enclosed field.

    Action: Supply the character after the end of the field.

ORA-02364 Record string: Discarded - failed all WHEN clauses

    Cause: The record was not loaded because it failed the WHEN clauses of all the tables.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02365 Index string was made Index Unusable due to

    Cause: The index was not loaded. The cause of the error is stated after the message.

    Action: Correct the cause of the error, then reload.

ORA-02366 The following index(es) on table string were processed:

    Cause: The indexes listed for the named table were loaded.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02367 Index string was loaded.

    Cause: The index specified in the message was loaded.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02368 Record string: Discarded - all columns null.

    Cause: The record was not loaded because all of the columns in the table were null for that record.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-02369 Warning: Variable length field was truncated.

    Cause: A variable length field was truncated by the end of the logical record.

    Action: This is just a warning, but since a variable length field has the length embedded in the data for each row, you may want to check your data.

ORA-02370 Record string - Warning on table string, column string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an warning.

    Action: Determine the warning and correct the record if necessary.

ORA-02371 Loader must be at least version string.string.string.string.string for direct path

    Cause: The loader being used is incompatible with this version of the kernel.

    Action: Upgrade your loader to at least the specified version or use the conventional path.

ORA-02372 Relative start position > absolute field end position.

    Cause: A field specified as POSITION(*+n:y) had its relative start occur after the absolute position y.

    Action: Check that you are not missing a delimiter and that the values of n and y are correct.

ORA-02373 Error parsing insert statement for table string.

    Cause: A parsing error occurred.

    Action: Check the message following this parsing error message.

ORA-02374 No more slots for read buffer queue.

    Cause: There are no free read buffers.

    Action: Use the READBUFFERS keyword in the loader to increase the number of read buffers.

ORA-02375 Record string: Rejected - Error on table string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an Oracle error on insert.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record. The offending column(s) are not known.

ORA-02376 invalid or redundant resource

    Cause: A resource that is not defined or that is specified twice appears in the CREATE or ALTER PROFILE statement.

    Action: Define the resource before issuing a CREATE or ALTER PROFILE command. Also check the statement to see that each resource is listed only once.

ORA-02377 invalid resource limit

    Cause: An invalid resource limit of 0 was specified.

    Action: Specify a resource limit greater than 0.

ORA-02378 duplicate resource name string

    Cause: The same resource was specified twice in a CREATE or ALTER PROFILE statement.

    Action: Issue the statement again, carefully checking that each resource is used only once.

ORA-02379 profile string already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a profile that already exists.

    Action: Create the profile with a name not already used by another profile.

ORA-02380 profile string does not exist

    Cause: An attempt was made to assign a user to a non-existent profile.

    Action: Assign the user to an existing profile.

ORA-02381 cannot drop PUBLIC_DEFAULT profile

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop the PUBLIC_DEFAULT profile.

    Action: The PUBLIC_DEFAULT profile cannot be dropped.

ORA-02382 profile string has users assigned, cannot drop without CASCADE

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a profile that had users assigned to it without using the CASCADE option of the DROP PROFILE statement. A profile that has users assigned to it cannot be dropped, unless the CASCADE option is specified. CASCADE reassigns users to the PUBLIC_DEFAULT profile before dropping the profile.

    Action: To reassign all users to the PUBLIC_DEFAULT profile, issue the DROP PROFILE statement with the CASCADE option.

ORA-02383 illegal cost factor

    Cause: A negative value or UNLIMITED cost was specified for this resource in the ALTER RESOURCE COST statement.

    Action: Only positive integer values can be specified for resources in the ALTER RESOURCE COST statement. Issue the statement again, using a positive integer value for each resource specified.

ORA-02390 exceeded COMPOSITE_LIMIT, you are being logged off

    Cause: The COMPOSITE_LIMIT for the profile is exceeded. That is, the weighted sum of the connection time, logical reads per session, CPU usage per session, and private SGA space used during the session exceeded the limit set by the COMPOSITE_LIMIT clause set in the user profile.

    Action: If this happens often, ask the database administrator to raise the COMPOSITE_LIMIT of the user profile, or determine which resource is used the most and raise the limit on that resource.

ORA-02391 exceeded simultaneous SESSIONS_PER_USER limit

    Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum number of concurrent sessions allowed by the SESSIONS_PER_USER clause of the user profile.

    Action: End one or more concurrent sessions or ask the database administrator to increase the SESSIONS_PER_USER limit of the user profile. For more information about SESSIONS_PER_USER and the database administrator's specific tasks of adjusting concurrent sessions, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference and the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide.

ORA-02392 exceeded session limit on CPU usage, you are being logged off

    Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum CPU usage allowed by the CPU_PER_SESSION clause of the user profile.

    Action: If this happens often, ask the database administrator to increase the CPU_PER_SESSION limit of the user profile.

ORA-02393 exceeded call limit on CPU usage

    Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum CPU time for a call, a parse, execute, or fetch, allowed by the CPU_PER_CALL clause of the user profile.

    Action: If this happens often, ask the database administrator to increase the CPU_PER_CALL limit of the user profile.

ORA-02394 exceeded session limit on IO usage, you are being logged off

    Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum I/O allowed by the LOGICAL_READS_PER_SESSION clause of the user profile.

    Action: If this happens often, ask the database administrator to increase the LOGICAL_READS_PER_SESSION limit of the user profile.

ORA-02395 exceeded call limit on IO usage

    Cause: An attempt was made to exceed the maximum I/O for a call, a parse, execute, or fetch, allowed by the LOGICAL_READS_PER_CALL clause of the user profile.

    Action: If this happens often, ask the database administrator to increase the LOGICAL_READS_PER_CALL limit of the user profile.

ORA-02396 exceeded maximum idle time, please connect again

    Cause: A user has exceeded the maximum time allowed to remain idle.

    Action: The user must reconnect to the database.

ORA-02397 exceeded PRIVATE_SGA limit, you are being logged off

    Cause: This error occurs only when using a multi-threaded server.

    Action: Contact the database administrator to expand the PRIVATE_SGA limit.

ORA-02398 exceeded procedure space usage

    Cause: Stored procedures used up too much space in the SYSTEM tablespace.

    Action: Use fewer stored procedures or add an additional file to the system tablespace.

ORA-02399 exceeded maximum connect time, you are being logged off

    Cause: A user has exceeded the maximum time allowed to be connected to the database.

    Action: The user must reconnect to the database.

ORA-02401 cannot EXPLAIN view owned by another user

    Cause: The view specified in the SQL statement belongs to another user and cannot be explained.

    Action: Create a view with the same definition that belongs to current user.

ORA-02402 PLAN_TABLE not found

    Cause: The table used by EXPLAIN to store row source information does not exist in the current schema.

    Action: Create a plan table in the current schema or use the INTO clause of the statement to put the results of the explain command in an existing plan table.

ORA-02403 plan table does not have correct format

    Cause: The explicit plan table does not have the appropriate field definitions.

    Action: Redefine the plan table to have the appropriate field definitions.

ORA-02404 specified plan table not found

    Cause: The specified plan table does cannot be found.

    Action: Create the specified plan table or use an existing plan table.

ORA-02420 missing schema authorization clause

    Cause: The AUTHORIZATION clause is missing from a create schema statement.

    Action: Proceed the schema authorization identifier with the AUTHORIZATION keyword.

ORA-02421 missing or invalid schema authorization identifier

    Cause: One of the following:

        * The schema authorization identifier is not recognized.
        * An attempt was made to use a schema authorization identifier for a user while not connected as that user.

    Action: If the cause is

        * an unrecognized identifier, then use an existing identifier.
        * connected with a different user name, then disconnect and connect to the correct user name.


ORA-02422 missing or invalid schema element

    Cause: A statement other than a CREATE TABLE, CREATE VIEW, or GRANT appears in a CREATE SCHEMA statement.

    Action: See the Oracle9i SQL Reference or the valid elements of the CREATE SCHEMA statement.

ORA-02423 schema name does not match schema authorization identifier

    Cause: A table definition with a schema name prepended to the table name does not match the schema name provided in the AUTHORIZATION clause of a CREATE SCHEMA STATEMENT.

    Action: Check that the schema names match the one given in the CREATE SCHEMA statement.

ORA-02424 potential circular view references or unknown referenced tables

    Cause: The CREATE SCHEMA statement contains a view that depends on other views contained in the CREATE SCHEMA statement, or they contain references to non-existing tables.

    Action: Create the dependent views in a separate CREATE SCHEMA statement and ensure that all referenced tables are either defined in the CREATE SCHEMA statement or exist outside the statement.

ORA-02425 create table failed

    Cause: A CREATE TABLE statement failed in the CREATE SCHEMA statement.

    Action: The cause for failure will be presented below this message. Follow the appropriate actions as suggested by the subsequent messages.

ORA-02426 privilege grant failed

    Cause: A GRANT statement failed in the CREATE SCHEMA statement.

    Action: The cause for failure will be presented below this message. Follow appropriate actions, as suggested by the subsequent messages.

ORA-02427 create view failed

    Cause: A CREATE VIEW statement failed in the CREATE SCHEMA statement.

    Action: The cause for failure will be presented below this message. Follow appropriate actions, as suggested by the subsequent messages.

ORA-02428 could not add foreign key reference

    Cause: Oracle could not add a foreign key reference because of an error in the declaration. Either the referenced table does not exist or the table does not have a unique key.

    Action: Check that the referenced table exists and/or has a unique key.

ORA-02429 cannot drop index used for enforcement of unique/primary key

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop an index that is being used as the enforcement mechanism for a unique or primary key.

    Action: Drop the integrity constraint instead of dropping the index.

ORA-02430 cannot enable constraint (string) - no such constraint

    Cause: The named constraint does not exist for this table.

    Action: Check that a constraint exists before trying to enable it.

ORA-02431 cannot disable constraint (string) - no such constraint

    Cause: The named constraint does not exist for this table.

    Action: Check that a constraint exists before trying to disable it.

ORA-02432 cannot enable primary key - primary key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a primary key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: Add a primary key definition for the table.

ORA-02433 cannot disable primary key - primary key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to disable a primary key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: Check that a primary key exists before trying to disable it.

ORA-02434 cannot enable unique(string) - unique key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a unique key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: Check that a unique key exists before trying to enable it.

ORA-02435 cannot disable unique(string) - unique key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to disable a unique key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: Check that a unique key exists before trying to disable it.

ORA-02436 date or system variable wrongly specified in CHECK constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a date constant or system variable, such as USER, in a check constraint that was not completely specified in a CREATE TABLE or ALTER TABLE statement. For example, a date was specified without the century.

    Action: Completely specify the date constant or system variable.

ORA-02437 cannot validate (string.string) - primary key violated

    Cause: An attempt was made to validate a primary key with duplicate values or null values.

    Action: Remove the duplicates and null values before enabling a primary key.

ORA-02438 Column check constraint cannot reference other columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a column check constraint that references another column.

    Action: Define it as a table check constraint.

ORA-02439 Unique index on a deferrable constraint is not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a deferrable primary key/unique constraint that has an existing unique index on the constraint columns.

    Action: Drop the index on the constraint columns or make the constraint not deferrable.

ORA-02440 Create as select with referential constraints not allowed

    Cause: Integrity constraints on a table cannot be created when creating the table using the CREATE TABLE... AS SELECT... form.

    Action: First, create the table, and then alter the table to add the desired integrity constraints.

ORA-02441 Cannot drop nonexistent primary key

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop the primary key constraint on a table, but there is no primary key constraint on this table.

    Action: Ensure the correct table name is entered in the statement. Otherwise, no action required.

ORA-02442 Cannot drop nonexistent unique key

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a unique key constraint for a column that does not have a unique key constraint.

    Action: Make certain the correct column name was entered. Otherwise, no action required.

ORA-02443 Cannot drop constraint - nonexistent constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a constraint that does not exist.

    Action: Make certain the constraint and table name are correct and attempt the procedure again.

ORA-02444 Cannot resolve referenced object in referential constraints

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a foreign key with a reference to a schema object that cannot be resolved to a base table reference.

    Action: Define referential constraints only with schema objects resolving to a base table.

ORA-02445 Exceptions table not found

    Cause: The explicitly or implicitly declared exceptions table does not exist.

    Action: If the correct exceptions table name was used, then create the table and retry the enable command.

ORA-02446 CREATE TABLE ... AS SELECT failed - check constraint violated

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a CREATE TABLE ... AS SELECT statement when some rows violated one or more CHECK constraints.

    Action: Do not select rows that violate constraints.

ORA-02447 cannot defer a constraint that is not deferrable

    Cause: An attempt was made to defer a nondeferrable constraint.

    Action: Drop the constraint and create a new one that is deferrable.

ORA-02448 constraint does not exist

    Cause: The named constraint does not exist.

    Action: Choose a constraint that does exist or do not perform this operation.

ORA-02449 unique/primary keys in table referenced by foreign keys

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a table with unique or primary keys referenced by foreign keys in another table.

    Action: Before performing the above operations the table, drop the foreign key constraints in other tables. You can see what constraints are referencing a table by issuing the following command:

    SELECT * FROM USER_CONSTRAINTS WHERE TABLE_NAME = "tabnam";


ORA-02450 Invalid hash option - missing keyword IS

    Cause: Missing IS keyword.

    Action: Specify HASH IS option.

ORA-02451 duplicate HASHKEYS specification

    Cause: The HASHKEYS option is specified more than once.

    Action: Only specify the HASHKEYS option once.

ORA-02452 invalid HASHKEYS option value

    Cause: The specified HASHKEYS option must be an integer value.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-02453 duplicate HASH IS specification

    Cause: The HASH IS option is specified more than once.

    Action: only specify the HASH IS option once.

ORA-02454 Number of hash keys per block (string) exceeds maximum of string

    Cause: The SIZE argument is too small.

    Action: Increase the SIZE argument.

ORA-02455 The number of cluster key column must be 1

    Cause: When specifying the HASH IS option, the number of key columns must be 1.

    Action: Either do not specify the HASH IS option or reduce the number of key columns.

ORA-02456 The HASH IS column specification must be NUMBER(*,0)

    Cause: The column specification must specify an integer.

    Action: Specify the column definition as type NUMBER(precision, 0).

ORA-02457 The HASH IS option must specify a valid column

    Cause: The HASH IS column name is not specified in the cluster definition.

    Action: Specify a valid column name.

ORA-02458 HASHKEYS must be specified for a HASH CLUSTER

    Cause: The HASHKEYS option must be specified when creating a HASH CLUSTER.

    Action: Specify the HASHKEYS option.

ORA-02459 Hashkey value must be a positive integer

    Cause: The value of the hash key was not a positive number.

    Action: Specify a positive integer.

ORA-02460 Inappropriate index operation on a hash cluster

    Cause: An attempt to create a cluster index was issued on a hash cluster.

    Action: Do not attempt to create such an index.

ORA-02461 Inappropriate use of the INDEX option

    Cause: This option is only valid for non hash clusters.

    Action: Do not specify this option.

ORA-02462 Duplicate INDEX option specified

    Cause: The INDEX option is specified more than once.

    Action: Only specify the INDEX option once.

ORA-02463 Duplicate HASH IS option specified

    Cause: The HASH IS option is specified more than once.

    Action: Only specify the HASH IS option once.

ORA-02464 Cluster definition can not be both HASH and INDEX

    Cause: The cluster can either be a hash or indexed cluster, not both.

    Action: Remove either the HASH IS or INDEX options.

ORA-02465 Inappropriate use of the HASH IS option

    Cause: This option is only valid for clusters.

    Action: Do not specify this option.

ORA-02466 The SIZE option is not allow to be altered for HASH CLUSTERS

    Cause: The SIZE cannot be changed once the hash cluster has been created.

    Action: Do not specify this option.

ORA-02467 Column referenced in expression not found in cluster definition

    Cause: A column in the hash is expression was not present in cluster definition.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and correct the error in hash expression.

ORA-02468 Constant or system variable wrongly specified in expression

    Cause: A constant or system variable was specified in the hash expression.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and correct the error in hash expression.

ORA-02469 Hash expression does not return an Oracle Number.

    Cause: Result of evaluating hash expression is not an Oracle Number.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and correct the error in hash expression.

ORA-02470 TO_DATE, USERENV, or SYSDATE incorrectly used in hash expression.

    Cause: TO_DATE, USERENV and SYSDATE are not allowed in hash expressions.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and correct the error in hash expression.

ORA-02471 SYSDATE, UID, USER, ROWNUM, or LEVEL incorrectly used in hash expression.

    Cause: SYSDATE, UID, USER, ROWNUM, or LEVEL are not allowed in hash expressions.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and remove the offending keywords.

ORA-02472 PL/SQL functions not allowed in hash expressions

    Cause: A PL/SQL function was used in the hash expression.

    Action: Re-create the cluster and remove the PL/SQL function.

ORA-02473 Error while evaluating the cluster's hash expression.

    Cause: An error occurred while evaluating the clusters hash expression.

    Action: Correct the query and retry.

ORA-02474 Fixed hash area extents used (string) exceeds maximum allowed (string)

    Cause: The number of extents required for creating the fixed hash area exceeds the maximum number allowed.

    Action: Reduce the number of extents required by increasing the extent allocation sizes within the STORAGE clause.

ORA-02475 maximum cluster chain block count of string has been exceeded

    Cause: The number of blocks in a cluster chain exceeds the maximum number allowed.

    Action: Increase SIZE parameter in CREATE CLUSTER statement or reconsider suitability of cluster key.

ORA-02476 can not create index due to parallel direct load on table

    Cause: A parallel direct load is occurring to the specified table.

    Action: Retry statement after load is complete.

ORA-02477 can not perform parallel direct load on object string

    Cause: A parallel direct load is not possible because an index is being created on the table.

    Action: Retry load after index creation is complete.

ORA-02478 merge into base segment would overflow MAXEXTENTS limit

    Cause: Merge of temporary segment into base segment failed because MAXEXTENTS was larger than the total in the temporary and base segments.

    Action: Use a larger value for MAXEXTENTS on the base segment or make the extents in the temporary segments larger.

ORA-02479 error while translating file name for parallel load

    Cause: An invalid file name was specified to load data into.

    Action: Specify a valid database file.

ORA-02481 Too many processes specified for events (max string)

    Cause: Too many processes specified than allowed per event.

    Action: Enter fewer processes by using ranges or wildcards if possible.

ORA-02482 Syntax error in event specification (string)

    Cause: Illegal event string.

    Action: Enter a legal event string.

ORA-02483 Syntax error in process specification (string)

    Cause: Illegal process string.

    Action: Enter a legal process string.

ORA-02486 Error in writing trace file string

    Cause: Error occurred in creating/writing the file.

    Action: Check the file name and make sure it is constructed properly. Also, check permissions for directories.

ORA-02490 missing required file size in RESIZE clause

    Cause: No value was specified for the RESIZE clause.

    Action: Use the correct syntax.

ORA-02491 missing required keyword ON or OFF in AUTOEXTEND clause

    Cause: The keyword ON or OFF was not specified for the AUTOEXTEND clause.

    Action: Use the correct syntax.

ORA-02492 missing required file block increment size in NEXT clause

    Cause: No value was specified for the NEXT clause.

    Action: Use the correct syntax.

ORA-02493 invalid file increment size in NEXT clause

    Cause: A non-integer value was used for the NEXT clause of the DATAFILE list.

    Action: Use the correct syntax.

ORA-02494 invalid or missing maximum file size in MAXSIZE clause

    Cause: UNLIMITED was not specified, or an invalid integer value was specified, for the MAXSIZE clause in the DATAFILE file list. The MAXSIZE value cannot be smaller than the SIZE value.

    Action: Use the correct syntax.

ORA-02495 cannot resize file string, tablespace string is read only

    Cause: An attempt was made to resize a datafile in a tablespace that is read only.

    Action: Change the tablespace to read/write and retry the resize operation.

ORA-02700 osnoraenv: error translating ORACLE_SID

    Cause: Two-task driver could not find the value of ORACLE_SID in the environment.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_SID environment variable has been properly set and exported.

ORA-02701 osnoraenv: error translating oracle image name

    Cause: ORACLE_HOME environment variable not set.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported.

ORA-02702 osnoraenv: error translating orapop image name

    Cause: ORACLE_HOME environment variable not set.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported.

ORA-02703 osnpopipe: pipe creation failed

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to create pipes for communications with the ORAPOP process.

    Action: You have probably exceeded the maximum number of open file descriptors per user or the system file table is full. Note the operating system error code and contact your system administrator.

ORA-02704 osndopop: fork failed

    Cause: The two-task driver could not fork ORAPOP.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-02705 osnpol: polling of communication channel failed

    Cause: The pipe driver failed while polling the communications channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02706 osnshs: host name too long

    Cause: The length of your host-string specified by the TWO_TASK environment variable exceeds the Oracle system-imposed limit.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02707 osnacx: cannot allocate context area

    Cause: The invoked UNIX two-task driver could not allocate heap space for the context area.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02708 osnrntab: connect to host failed, unknown ORACLE_SID

    Cause: The invoked UNIX two-task driver failed to find an entry in ORATAB for the SID you supplied.

    Action: First, check whether you have read access to ORATAB, and see if the desired sid is there. Add an entry to ORATAB for the desired SID, if necessary.

ORA-02709 osnpop: pipe creation failed

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to create pipes for two-task communications with the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: You have probably exceeded the maximum number of open file descriptors per user or the system file table is full. Note the operating system error code and contact your system administrator.

ORA-02710 osnpop: fork failed

    Cause: The pipe driver could not fork the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-02711 osnpvalid: write to validation channel failed

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to write to the ORAPOP process.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02712 osnpop: malloc failed

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to allocate enough heap space for its context area buffers.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02713 osnprd: message receive failure

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to read a message from the communications channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02714 osnpwr: message send failure

    Cause: The pipe driver failed to write a message to the communications channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02715 osnpgetbrkmsg: message from host had incorrect message type

    Cause: The pipe driver received a message having an unrecognizable message type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02716 osnpgetdatmsg: message from host had incorrect message type

    Cause: The Pipe driver received a message having an unrecognizable message type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02717 osnpfs: incorrect number of bytes written

    Cause: The Pipe driver sent a message that was apparently successful, but the number of bytes transmitted did not match the number of bytes furnished to the driver.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02718 osnprs: reset protocol error

    Cause: The two-task driver could not reset the connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02719 osnfop: fork failed

    Cause: The fast driver could not fork the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-02720 osnfop: shmat failed

    Cause: When the fast driver was invoked, processes failed to attach to the shared memory buffer. You probably supplied an illegal shared memory attach address, or the system ran out of data space to accommodate the buffer.

    Action: Try invoking the Fast driver later, or use the default attach address.

ORA-02721 osnseminit: cannot create semaphore set

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to get a semaphore set.

    Action: The system-imposed limit on semaphores or semaphore identifiers may have been exceeded. Read the returned operating system error code and check with your system administrator.

ORA-02722 osnpui: cannot send break message to orapop

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not send a break message to ORAPOP.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02723 osnpui: cannot send break signal

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02724 osnpbr: cannot send break message to orapop

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not send a break message to ORAPOP.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02725 osnpbr: cannot send break signal

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: Kill system call failed. Check the error code (errno) and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02726 osnpop: access error on oracle executable

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not access the Oracle executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the Oracle executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-02727 osnpop: access error on orapop executable

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not access the ORAPOP executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the ORAPOP executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-02728 osnfop: access error on oracle executable

    Cause: The Fast driver could not access the Oracle executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the Oracle executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-02729 osncon: driver not in osntab

    Cause: The driver you have specified is not supported.

    Action: Check with your database administrator which drivers are supported.

ORA-02730 osnrnf: cannot find user logon directory

    Cause: The driver you have specified could not find your logon directory while searching for your local .SQLNET file.

    Action: Set and export the HOME environment variable to identify your home directory. Check with your system administrator to make sure that your UID and home directory are correct in the /etc/passwd file.

ORA-02731 osnrnf: malloc of buffer failed

    Cause: The specified driver could not find enough heap space to MALLOC a buffer.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02732 osnrnf: cannot find a matching database alias

    Cause: Database alias specified was not identified in either $HOME/.sqlnet or /etc/sqlnet.

    Action: Create the alias in a file called .sqlnet in the home directory for personal use, or have system administrator create the alias in /etc/sqlnet for system-wide use.

ORA-02733 osnsnf: database string too long

    Cause: While converting a database alias to a database ID, the resulting database ID string exceeded the Oracle system-imposed limit.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02734 osnftt: cannot reset shared memory permission

    Cause: The Fast driver was unable to reset shared memory permissions.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02735 osnfpm: cannot create shared memory segment

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to create a shared memory segment for two-task communication.

    Action: Check whether the system-imposed limit on shared memory identifiers has already been reached for your system.

ORA-02736 osnfpm: illegal default shared memory address

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to establish a default shared memory address.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02737 osnpcl: cannot tell orapop to exit

    Cause: The Pipe driver failed to send ORAPOP the command to exit.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02738 osnpwrtbrkmsg: incorrect number of bytes written

    Cause: The pipe driver apparently sent an incomplete break message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02739 osncon: host alias is too long

    Cause: The alias used for a SQLNET host is longer than 161 characters.

    Action: Use a shorter alias.

ORA-02750 osnfsmmap: cannot open shared memory file ?/dbs/ftt_pid.dbf

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to create a shared memory file for two-task communication.

    Action: Check the permissions on the directory ?/dbs.

ORA-02751 osnfsmmap: cannot map shared memory file

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to map a shared memory file for two-task communication.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02752 osnfsmmap: illegal shared memory address

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to attach shared memory at the expected location.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02753 osnfsmmap: cannot close shared memory file

    Cause: The Fast driver cannot close the shared memory file.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02754 osnfsmmap: cannot change shared memory inheritence

    Cause: The Fast driver could not alter the inheritance attributes of the shared memory.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02755 osnfsmcre: cannot create chared memory file ?/dbs/ftt_pid.dbf

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to create a file for shared memory.

    Action: Check the permissions on the directory ?/dbs.

ORA-02756 osnfsmnam: name translation failure

    Cause: The Fast driver encountered an error translating the shared memory file name ?/dbs/ftt_pid.dbf.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02757 osnfop: fork_and_bind failed

    Cause: The Fast driver failed to fork a process onto the desired cluster and node number.

    Action: Check the desired node number in sercose[0] and cluster ID in sercose[1]. If these seem valid, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02758 Allocation of internal array failed

    Cause: The package was unable to allocate memory for an array because the system ran out of memory.

    Action: Either reclaim memory by killing other processes or restart the machine with more memory.

ORA-02759 Not enough request descriptors available

    Cause: All of the package's request descriptors are in use performing other requests.

    Action: Either wait until enough requests are done, or shut the package down and re-initialize it with more request descriptors.

ORA-02760 Client close of file failed.

    Cause: The client was unable to close a file after forking the servers.

    Action: This is a system problem; contact your System Administrator.

ORA-02761 File number to be canceled is negative.

    Cause: The file number contained with the SFIOV structure is less than zero.

    Action: This may be a programming error. If it is not, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02762 file number to be cancelled is greater than the maximum.

    Cause: The file number contained with the SFIOV structure is greater than the maximum.

    Action: This may be a programming error. If it is not, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02763 Unable to cancel at least one request

    Cause: No requests were found that could be cancelled.

    Action: This error can occur if all the requests dealing with that file number have already been filled.

ORA-02764 Invalid package mode

    Cause: The mode of the package can only be parallel or duplex.

    Action: See SFA.H for the correct values.

ORA-02765 Invalid maximum number of servers

    Cause: The number of servers given was less than or equal to zero.

    Action: Use a number greater than zero.

ORA-02766 Invalid maximum of request descriptors

    Cause: The number of request descriptors was less than or equal to zero.

    Action: Use a number greater than zero.

ORA-02767 Less than one request descriptor was allocated per server

    Cause: The package requires that the number of request descriptors be greater than or equal to the number of servers used.

    Action: Use a higher number

ORA-02768 Maximum number of files is invalid

    Cause: The maximum number of files to be used by the package was less than or equal to zero.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02769 Setting of handler for SIGTERM failed

    Cause: The package was unable to set up handling by the server for the termination signal. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02770 Total number of blocks is invalid

    Cause: The total number of blocks to be allocated for use by the package was not greater than zero.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02771 Illegal request time out value

    Cause: The number was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02772 Invalid maximum server idle time

    Cause: The time given was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02773 Invalid maximum client wait time

    Cause: The time given was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02774 Invalid request list latch time out value

    Cause: The time given was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02775 Invalid request done signal

    Cause: The signal number was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02776 Value for request done signal exceeds maximum

    Cause: The value sent to the package for use as the "request done" signal exceeds the maximum allowed by the operating system.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-02777 Stat failed on log directory

    Cause: The package was unable to get information about the directory in which the log files are to reside.

    Action: Check the permissions on the directory or use a different directory name.

ORA-02778 Name given for the log directory is invalid

    Cause: The name given for the directory in which the logs are to be kept does not correspond to a directory.

    Action: Use a different name.

ORA-02779 Stat failed on core dump directory

    Cause: The package was unable to get information about the directory into which the servers are to dump core in the event of an exception.

    Action: Check the permissions on the directory or use a different directory name.

ORA-02780 Name given for the core dump directory is invalid

    Cause: The name given for the directory in which the server processes are to dump core in the event of an exception does not correspond to a directory.

    Action: Use a different name.

ORA-02781 Invalid value given for the timing wanted flag

    Cause: The value given was not TRUE or FALSE.

    Action: Specify TRUE or FALSE for the timing wanted flag.

ORA-02782 Both read and write functions were not specified

    Cause: To ensure that the functions act symmetrically, pointers to both the read and write functions must be given.

    Action: Either specify both functions or specify neither. The package will supply its own functions.

ORA-02783 Both post and wait functions were not specified

    Cause: To ensure that the functions act symmetrically, pointers to both the posting and waiting functions must be given.

    Action: Either specify both functions or specify neither. The package will supply its own functions.

ORA-02784 Invalid shared memory ID specified

    Cause: The ID of the segment specified for use as the shared buffer region was invalid.

    Action: Use a different ID, or let the package specify its own.

ORA-02785 Invalid shared memory buffer size

    Cause: The size given for the shared memory segment to be used as the shared buffer region was less than or equal to zero.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02786 Size needed for shared region is greater than segment size

    Cause: The size of the shared segment that was specified for the shared buffer region is less than the number of bytes required. The first field of the "additional information" field is the size needed. The second is the size of the segment.

    Action: Use a larger size segment or let the package allocate its own.

ORA-02787 Unable to allocate memory for segment list

    Cause: The package cannot allocate memory for an internal segment list because the system has run out of memory. The "additional information" field is the amount of memory that the package attempted to allocate.

    Action: Close some processes or contact your system administrator.

ORA-02788 Unable to find kernel process pointer in async process array

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02789 Maximum number of files reached

    Cause: The maximum number of files that can be used for asynchronous I/O has been reached.

    Action: Shut down the servers and re-initialize the package with a higher number.

ORA-02790 File name is too long

    Cause: The length of the name of a file that is being opened for asynchronous I/O is longer than the maximum. The "additional information" field is the maximum length.

    Action: Use a shorter name.

ORA-02791 Unable to open file for use with asynchronous I/O

    Cause: The package could not open file for some reason.

    Action: Check the file name.

ORA-02792 Unable to fstat() a file being used for asynchronous I/O.

    Cause: The fstat(2) call on a file being used for asynchronous I/O failed.

    Action: Check the file name.

ORA-02793 Close of asynchronous I/O failed.

    Cause: The client was unable to close a file being used for asynchronous I/O.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02794 Client unable to get key for shared memory

    Cause: The client was unable to get a key so that it obtain shared memory for use with shared memory. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02795 Request list is empty

    Cause: The client was signalled by a server that it was done with a request but the "done" list was empty. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02796 Done request is not in correct state

    Cause: A request is not in the right state. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02797 No requests available

    Cause: No free request descriptors are available.

    Action: Wait until some requests are filled and then retry the request, or shut down the servers and initialize the package with a higher number of requests.

ORA-02798 Invalid number of requests

    Cause: The number of operations sent to either SFARD() or SFAWRITE() is less than zero. This is a user programming error.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02799 Unable to arm signal handler

    Cause: The arming of a signal handler for the "done" signal failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02800 Requests timed out

    Cause: Some of the requests for asynchronous input or output were not serviced in the required amount of time.

    Action: If the load on the system is high, it is possible that the timeout limit is too low. Reset it with SFAINIT(). If the server processes are dying due to unexpected signals, this is an internal error, and Oracle Support Services should be contacted.

ORA-02801 Operations timed out

    Cause: Some asynchronous operations timed out in kernel mode. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02802 No idle servers available in parallel mode

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02803 Retrieval of current time failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02804 Allocation of memory failed for log file name

    Cause: The client was unable to allocated a buffer for the name of the log file.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-02805 Unable to set handler for SIGTPA

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02806 Unable to set handler for SIGALRM

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02807 Allocation of memory for I/O vectors failed.

    Cause: The client was unable to allocate memory for the array of I/O vectors that the servers are to use.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-02808 Allocation of memory of open files array failed.

    Cause: The client was unable to allocate memory for an array of flags that the servers are to use.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-02809 Jump buffer not valid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02810 Unable to make temporary file name for memory mapped file

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02811 Unable to attach shared memory segment

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02812 Bad attach address

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02813 Unable to make temporary file name in order to get key

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02814 Unable to get shared memory

    Cause: SHMGET(2) failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX number. If you are unsure about what it means, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02815 Unable to attach shared memory

    Cause: SHMAT(2) failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX number. If you are unsure about what it means, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02816 Unable to kill a process

    Cause: A server did not die after being sent a kill signal.

    Action: The process may be a runaway; contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02817 Read failed

    Cause: A server could not read a requested amount of data.

    Action: Check the call to SFARD(). An incorrect file descriptor may have been sent to SFARD(). The number in the "additional information" field is the starting block number of the data segment being read in.

ORA-02818 Less than the number of blocks requested was read in

    Cause: A server could not read in the request amount of data. The first number in the "additional information" field is the block number being read in. The second is the actual number of bytes that was read in. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02819 Write failed

    Cause: A server was unable to perform a write. The number in the "additional information" field is the starting block number of the data segment being written out. The first number in the "additional information" field is the block number being written out. The second is the actual number of bytes that was written out. The disk may have filled up.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number.

ORA-02820 Unable to write the requested number of blocks

    Cause: A server could not write the requested amount of data out to disk. The disk may have run out of space.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number.

ORA-02821 Unable to read the requested number of blocks.

    Cause: A server could not read the number of blocks that was requested. The end of the file may have been read.

    Action: Check the file on disk.

ORA-02822 Invalid block offset

    Cause: A server was unable to seek to the designated block.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number.

ORA-02823 Buffer is not aligned.

    Cause: The buffer on which an I/O is being done is not on the correct boundary.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02824 Request free list is empty

    Cause: The list from which the package allocates request descriptors is empty because all of the descriptors is in use.

    Action: Wait until some become free, or initialize the package with a higher number of request descriptors.

ORA-02825 Request on free list was not free

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02826 Illegal block size

    Cause: A negative number was given for the I/O block size to be used by the asynchronous I/O package. This is a programming error.

    Action: Use either a positive number or zero to get the default value.

ORA-02827 Invalid file number

    Cause: The file number upon which an operation is to done is either less than zero or greater than the maximum number of files than can be open.

    Action: Since the calling program should not touch this number, this is a programming error.

ORA-02828 Segment free list is empty

    Cause: No segments are available to allocated.

    Action: Free some segments or shut down the package and re-initialize it with a higher number of segments.

ORA-02829 No segment of the proper size is available

    Cause: No segment of the proper size is ready for use by the caller.

    Action: Free some segments and try again.

ORA-02830 Segment could not be split - no free segments available

    Cause: A segment that is larger than that desired could not be split because no free segment was available.

    Action: Free some segments and try again.

ORA-02831 Segment deallocation failed - empty segment list

    Cause: The caller attempted to deallocate a segment but the "in use" list was empty. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02832 Segment deallocation failed - segment not on list

    Cause: The caller attempted to deallocate a segment that was not on the "in use" list. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02833 Server was unable to close file

    Cause: A server was unable to close a file being used for asynchronous I/O.

    Action: See the UNIX error number for more information.

ORA-02834 Server unable to open file

    Cause: The server was unable to open a file for use with asynchronous I/O.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for more information.

ORA-02835 Server unable to send signal to client

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02836 Unable to create temporary key file

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02837 Unable to unlink temporary file

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02838 Unable to arm signal handler for the alarm signal

    Cause: The arming of a signal handler for the alarm signal failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02839 Sync of blocks to disk failed.

    Cause: The server was unable to flush its writes out to disk.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number.

ORA-02840 Open of log file by client failed

    Cause: The client process was unable to open its log file.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for more information.

ORA-02841 Server died on start up

    Cause: A server exited during its initialization process.

    Action: Check the servers' logs for more information.

ORA-02842 Client unable to fork a server

    Cause: The client could not spawn a server. A possible reason is that the operating system has reached its limit on the number of processes that it can spawn.

    Action: Either reduce the number of servers that are to be used, or reconfigure the operating system so that it can handle more processes.

ORA-02843 Invalid value for kernel flag

    Cause: An illegal value was given for the kernel flag in the information structure. Only TRUE and FALSE are permitted. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling routine.

ORA-02844 Invalid value for the leave open flag

    Cause: A value was given for the flag that determines whether a file is to be left open after the client checks it to see if the servers can use it. Only TRUE and FALSE are supported. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling routine.

ORA-02845 Invalid value for the timing wanted flag

    Cause: A value was given for the flag that indicates that operations are to be timed out. Only TRUE and FALSE are supported. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling routine.

ORA-02846 Unkillable server

    Cause: A server failed to respond to the termination signal. The first number is the number of the server. The second is its UNIX process number. This is an internal problem.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02847 Server did not terminate when posted

    Cause: A server did not respond to a posted request to shut down. The first number is the number of the server. The second is its UNIX process number. This is an internal problem.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02848 Asynchronous I/O package is not running

    Cause: An operation using the asynchronous I/O package was attempted without first initializing the package using SFAINIT().

    Action: Call SFAINIT() before using the package.

ORA-02849 Read failed because of an error

    Cause: A server could not read the requested amount of data from disk.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number.

ORA-02850 File is closed

    Cause: A file upon which an asynchronous I/O operation is to be performed has already been closed by the package. This is a programming error.

    Action: Check the calling program.

ORA-02851 Request list is empty when it should not be

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02852 Invalid critical-section time out value

    Cause: The time given was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02853 Invalid server list latch time out value

    Cause: The time given was not a positive number.

    Action: Use a positive number.

ORA-02854 Invalid number of request buffers

    Cause: The value given for DB_SLAVE_BUFFERS in your INIT.ORA file is less than 0.

    Action: Use a number that is greater than or equal to 0.

ORA-02855 Number of requests is less than the number of slaves

    Cause: The value given for DB_SLAVE_BUFFERS in your INIT.ORA file is less than the number specified for the number of slaves, DB_SLAVES.

    Action: Specify a number that is greater than that given for DB_SLAVES Alternatively, specify 0. The kernel will supply the appropriate number.

ORA-02875 smpini: Unable to get shared memory for PGA

    Cause: Stated in error code (errno).

    Action: Resolve the problem.

ORA-02876 smpini: Unable to attach to shared memory for PGA

    Cause: Stated in error code (errno).

    Action: Resolve the problem.

ORA-02877 smpini: Unable to initialize memory protection

    Cause: The ADSPCINIT program has not been executed.

    Action: Execute the ADSCPINIT program as shown in your Installation and Users' Guide. If the problem persists, try restarting your computer.

ORA-02878 sou2o: Variable smpdidini overwritten

    Cause: The variable SMPDIDINI was overwritten, probably by client code.

    Action: Verify client code (for example, in Pro*C check for illegal memory access). If the problem occurs outside Single Task operation, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02879 sou2o: Could not gain access to protected memory

    Cause: This is an internal error, note error code in errno.

    Action: Restarting your application or your computer may cure the problem. If not, report the error to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02880 smpini: Could not register PGA for protection

    Cause: This is an internal error, note error code in errno.

    Action: Restarting your application or your computer may cure the problem. If not, report the error to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02881 sou2o: Could not revoke access to protected memory

    Cause: This is an internal error, note error code in errno.

    Action: Restarting your application or your computer may cure the problem. If not, report the error to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02882 sou2o: Could not register SGA for protection

    Cause: This is an internal error, note error code in errno.

    Action: Restarting your application or your computer may cure the problem. If not, report the error to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-02899 smscre: Cannot create SGA with Extended Shared Memory feature

    Cause: The environment variable EXTSHM was set before starting Oracle.

    Action: Unset the environment variable EXTSHM and restart Oracle.

ORA-03001 unimplemented feature

    Cause: At attempt was made to use a feature that is not currently implemented.

    Action: Do not attempt to use this feature at this time.

ORA-03002 operator not implemented

    Cause: At attempt was made to use an operator that is not currently implemented.

    Action: Do not attempt to use this operator at this time.

ORA-03007 obsolete feature

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a feature that is no longer supported.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-03008 parameter COMPATIBLE >= string needed for string

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a feature for a later Oracle version than the setting of the initialization parameter, COMPATIBLE.

    Action: Set COMPATIBLE to the value in the message (or higher), and retry the command, but be aware that this will limit your downgrade options.

ORA-03100 communication area cannot be allocated; insufficient memory

    Cause: An attempt to allocate stack space for communication purposes failed. This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03105 internal protocol error

ORA-03106 fatal two-task communication protocol error

    Cause: The communication path between Oracle and the user task has stopped. This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03107 oranet buffer underflow

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03108 oranet: ORACLE does not support this interface version

    Cause: The version of Oracle connected to via Net8 does not support this version of the Net8 protocol.

    Action: Upgrade the older version of Oracle and try again.

ORA-03109 oranet buffer overflow

    Cause: Data being transferred between the user program and Oracle overflowed the buffer space available. This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03110 oranet: ORACLE does not support this SQL version

    Cause: The version of Oracle connected to via Net8 does not support the version of the Net8 protocol.

    Action: Upgrade the older version of Oracle and try again.

ORA-03111 break received on communication channel

    Cause: A break was processed on the communications channel, but was not properly handled by Net8 software. This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03112 a server linked as single-task cannot use SQL*Net

    Cause: A statement containing a Net8t connect string was issued to the single-task server. For example, a database link was used in a SQL statement.

    Action: Do not use Net8t connect strings in a single-task environment.

ORA-03113 end-of-file on communication channel

    Cause: An unexpected end-of-file was processed on the communication channel. The problem could not be handled by the Net8 two-task software. This message could occur if the shadow two-task process associated with a Net8 connect has terminated abnormally, or if there is a physical failure of the interprocess communication vehicle, that is, the network or server machine went down.

    In addition, this message could occur when any of the following statements/commands have been issued:

        * ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION ... IMMEDIATE
        * ALTER SYSTEM DISCONNECT SESSION ... IMMEDIATE
        * SHUTDOWN ABORT/IMMEDIATE/TRANSACTIONAL

    Action: If this message occurs during a connection attempt, check the setup files for the appropriate Net8 driver and confirm Net8 software is correctly installed on the server. If the message occurs after a connection is well established, and the error is not due to a physical failure, check if a trace file was generated on the server at failure time. Existence of a trace file may suggest an Oracle internal error that requires the assistance of Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03114 not connected to ORACLE

    Cause: A call to Oracle was attempted when no connection was established. Usually this happens because a user-written program has not logged on. It may happen if communication trouble causes a disconnection. In addition, this message could occur when ALTER SYSTEM KILL SESSION or ALTER SYSTEM DISCONNECT SESSION were issued with the IMMEDIATE qualifier because, in those cases, the client's connection to the database is terminated without waiting for the client to issue a request.

    Action: Try again. If the message recurs and the program is user written, check the program.

ORA-03115 unsupported network datatype or representation

    Cause: A user bind or define, or an Oracle function, is not supported by this heterogeneous Net8 connection.

    Action: Upgrade the older version of Oracle and try again.

ORA-03116 invalid buffer length passed to a conversion routine

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03117 two-task save area overflow

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03118 two-task coroutine has invalid state

    Cause: This is an internal error message not usually issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03119 two-task detected inconsistent datatype specification

    Cause: Found both a datatype, and an anonymous datatype, declaration.

    Action: Correct the specification.

ORA-03120 two-task conversion routine: integer overflow

    Cause: An integer value in an internal Oracle structure overflowed when being sent or received over a heterogeneous connection. This can happen when an invalid buffer length or too great a row count is specified. It usually indicates a bug in the user application.

    Action: Check parameters to Oracle calls. If the problem recurs, reduce all integer parameters, column values not included, to less than 32767.

ORA-03121 no interface driver connected - function not performed

    Cause: This message occurs usually because the Net8 driver is not loaded into memory or there is a mismatch of the version of the driver. A user program linked with an obsolete library may also cause this message. Only programs provided by Oracle Corporation should use this interface.

    Action: If the message occurred during use of a program provided by Oracle Corporation, contact Oracle Support Services. If a user program caused the message, relink the program with current versions of the Oracle libraries.

ORA-03122 attempt to close ORACLE-side window on user side

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03123 operation would block

    Cause: The attempted operation cannot complete now.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-03124 two-task internal error

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03125 client-server protocol violation

    Cause: The application received a bad escape sequence from the server and may indicate a problem with the client application user code.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-03126 network driver does not support non-blocking operations

    Cause: A non-blocking operation was attempted and the network driver does not support non-blocking operations.

    Action: Use default blocking operations or use a driver supporting non-blocking operations.

ORA-03127 no new operations allowed until the active operation ends

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute a new operation before the active non-blocking operation completed or a new operation was attempted before all the pieces of a column were inserted or fetched.

    Action: Execute the new operation after the non-blocking operation completes. If piecewise binds/defines were done, execute the new operation after all the pieces have been inserted or fetched.

ORA-03128 connection is in blocking mode

    Cause: The OCI test for non-blocking mode on a connection indicates that the connection is in blocking mode.

    Action: If non-blocking mode is required use appropriate OCI calls to change the mode.

ORA-03129 the next piece to be inserted is required

    Cause: The application performed a piecewise bind on a column.

    Action: Provide the next piece of this bind variable.

ORA-03130 the buffer for the next piece to be fetched is required

    Cause: The application performed a piecewise define on the column.

    Action: Provide the next buffer for the next piece to be retrieved.

ORA-03131 an invalid buffer was provided for the next piece

    Cause: The application either provided the length of the buffer for the next piece to be zero or provided a null pointer.

    Action: Verify if the buffer pointer for the next piece is null or if the length is zero.

ORA-03132 two-task default value overflow

    Cause: The default value specified for a record field was too large.

    Action: Change the default value to fit the field size.

ORA-03200 the segment type specification is invalid

    Cause: The segment type is not TABLE, INDEX, or CLUSTER.

    Action: Use a correct segment type.

ORA-03201 the group number specification is invalid

    Cause: The freelist group number is either negative or larger than the number of freelist groups in the segment.

    Action: Use a correct group number.

ORA-03202 the scan limit specification is invalid

    Cause: The scan limit does not have a positive integer value greater than the number of freelist groups in the segment.

    Action: Use a correct scan limit.

ORA-03203 concurrent update activity makes space analysis impossible

    Cause: High volume of user updates interfere with the space analysis.

    Action: Retry the command or lock the underlying objects.

ORA-03204 the segment type specification should indicate partitioning

    Cause: A partition name was specified for the space analysis, but the object type does not indicate partitioning.

    Action: Specify PARTITION in the segment type if the object is partitioned, Otherwise, omit the partition name.

ORA-03205 partition name is required when partitioned type is specified

    Cause: A partition name was not specified for the space analysis, but the object type indicates partitioning.

    Action: Specify a partition name if the object is partitioned. Otherwise, specify a non-partitioned type.

ORA-03206 maximum file size of (string) blocks in AUTOEXTEND clause is out of range

    Cause: The maximum file size for an autoextendable file has exceeded the maximum number of blocks allowed.

    Action: Reduce the size and retry.

ORA-03207 subpartitioned type must be specified for composite object

    Cause: A partition type is specified for the space analysis, but the object type indicates composite partitioning.

    Action: Specify a subpartition name and a subpartition type.

ORA-03208 partitioned type must be specified for a non-composite object

    Cause: A subpartition type is specified for the space analysis, but the object type indicates non-composite partitioning.

    Action: Specify a partition name and a partition type.

ORA-03209 DBMS_ADMIN_PACKAGE invalid file/block specification

    Cause: The value of file number or block number is outside of limits or inconsistent.

    Action: Fix the file number/block number value.

ORA-03210 DBMS_ADMIN_PACKAGE invalid option specification

    Cause: The value of one of the option parameters is incorrect.

    Action: Fix the option value.

ORA-03211 The segment does not exist or is not in a valid state

    Cause: The segment specified in the DBMS_SPACE_ADMIN or DBMS_SPACE operation does not exist or is not in a state appropriate for this operation.

    Action: Fix the segment specification, or put the segment in the appropriate state.

ORA-03212 Temporary Segment cannot be created in locally-managed tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a temporary segment for SORT/HASH/LOBS in a locally-managed permanent tablespace.

    Action: Alter temporary tablespace of user to a temporary tablespace or a dictionary-managed permanent tablespace.

ORA-03213 Invalid Lob Segment Name for DBMS_SPACE package

    Cause: The LOB segment specified in the DBMS_SPACE operation does not exist.

    Action: Fix the segment specification.

ORA-03214 File Size specified is smaller than minimum required

    Cause: File size specified for add/resize datafile/temporary file does not allow for the minimum required of one allocation unit.

    Action: Increase the specification for the file size.

ORA-03215 File Size specified for resize is too small

    Cause: File size specified for resize datafile/temporary file causes bitmap control structures to overlap.

    Action: Increase the specification for the file size.

ORA-03216 Tablespace/Segment Verification cannot proceed

    Cause: Corruption was detected during verification which cannot be dealt with

    Action: Do manual verification.

ORA-03217 invalid option for alter of TEMPORARY TABLESPACE

    Cause: Invalid option for alter of temporary tablespace was specified.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: ADD TEMPFILE, TEMPFILE ONLINE, TEMPFILE OFFLINE.

ORA-03218 invalid option for CREATE/ALTER TABLESPACE

    Cause: Invalid option for create/alter tablespace of type locally-managed.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options.

ORA-03219 Tablespace 'string' is dictionary managed, offline, or temporary.

    Cause: An operation which is only applicable to permanent, online, locally managed tablespaces is specified for a tablespace that is either dictionary managed, offline, or temporary.

    Action: Reissue the operation for a different tablespace, mount the tablespace, or do not issue it at all since it does not apply for the given tablespace.

ORA-03220 DBMS_ADMIN_PACKAGE required parameter is NULL or missing

    Cause: Some of the procedures were called with missing or NULL parameters.

    Action: Specify the missing parameter.

ORA-03221 temporary tablespaces and temporary segments must have standard block size

    Cause: An attempt was made to do one of the following:

       1. Create a temporary tablespace with a non-standard block size
       2. Alter an existing permanent tablespace of non-standard block size to a temporary tablespace
       3. Issue a DDL statement that would result in the creation of a temporary segment in a tablespace of non-standard block size

    Action: There are three possible solutions:

If creating a temporary tablespace, do not specify a block size different from the standard block size.

   4. If altering an existing permanent tablespace to a temporary tablespace, ensure that it is of standard block size.
   5. Ensure that the user's temporary tablespace is a tablespace having the standard block size.


ORA-03230 segment only contains string blocks of unused space above high water mark

    Cause: Attempt to preserve too many blocks.

    Action: Reduce the KEEP amount.

ORA-03231 the INITIAL extent may not be deallocated

    Cause: Attempt to deallocate space from the segment which was truncated prior to the 7.3 release.

    Action: Increase the KEEP amount, or truncate the segment, and reissue the command.

ORA-03233 unable to extend table string.string subpartition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for table subpartition segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-03234 unable to extend index string.string subpartition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: Failed to allocate an extent for index subpartition segment in tablespace.

    Action: Use ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-03235 max # extents (string) reached in table string.string subpartition string

    Cause: A table subpartition tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If the value of MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-03236 max # extents (string) reached in index string.string subpartition string

    Cause: An index subpartition tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If the value of MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, you must re-create with larger initial, next or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-03237 Initial Extent of specified size cannot be allocated in tablespace (string)

    Cause: Too large a size for an initial extent due to freelist group specification.

    Action: Reduce number of freelist groups specified for the segment.

ORA-03238 unable to extend LOB segment string.string subpartition string by string in tablespace string

    Cause: An attempt was made to allocate an extent for LOB subpartition segment in tablespace, but the extent could not be allocated because there is not enough space in the tablespace indicated.

    Action: Use the ALTER TABLESPACE ADD DATAFILE statement to add one or more files to the tablespace indicated.

ORA-03239 maxextents (string) reached in LOB segment string.string subpartition string

    Cause: A LOB subpartition segment tried to extend past MAXEXTENTS.

    Action: If the value of MAXEXTENTS is less than the system maximum, raise it. Otherwise, re-create the subpartition with larger INITIAL, NEXT, or PCTINCREASE parameters.

ORA-03240 User's temporary tablespace same as tablespace being migrated

    Cause: Users default temporary tablespace must be different from the tablespace being migrated.

    Action: alter users default temporary tablespace to be different.

ORA-03241 Invalid unit size

    Cause: User specified an invalid unit size for the tablespace.

    Action: Specify the correct unit size. To estimate unit size, refer to the Oracle9i Database Administrator's Guide.

ORA-03242 Tablespace migration retried 500 times

    Cause: For migration to complete, temporary segments should not be present in the tablespace at the time of migration.

    Action: Avoid migrating the tablespace when there is heavy temporary segment creation going on as with object drops.

ORA-03243 destination dba overlaps with existing control information

    Cause: Cannot overlap control information during relocation.

    Action: Choose another destination address.

ORA-03244 No free space found to place the control information

    Cause: During migration of tablespace found no place to put the control information. If during bitmaps relocation, found no space at the specified destination.

    Action: If during migration, add more space to the tablespace and retry migration. If during bitmaps relocation, specify a destination address where there is enough free space.

ORA-03245 Tablespace has to be dictionary managed, online and permanent to be able to migrate

    Cause: Tablespace was not dictionary managed, online, or permanent.

    Action: Make sure the tablespace is online, permanent, or dictionary managed.

ORA-03246 Invalid block number specified

    Cause: Control information cannot be placed at the specified DBA either because the block number specified is beyond the file end or the file is not large enough to accomodate the control information at that location.

    Action: specify a correct block number.

ORA-03247 Invalid block number specified

    Cause: Relocation of bitmaps to the said destination will make the tablespace self descriptive.

    Action: Choose another destination DBA.

ORA-03248 Too much of segment creation activity during migration

    Cause: Temporary segments were attempted to be created during migration.

    Action: The error is signalled after retrying migration for 500 times. Run migration when there is less segment creation activity going on.

ORA-03249 Uniform size for auto segment space managed tablespace should have atleast string blocks.

    Cause: For the given blocksize, the specified uniform size is insufficient.

    Action: Specify a larger extent size and retry.

ORA-03250 Cannot mark this segment corrupt

    Cause: This segment cannot be marked corrupt because it contains data dictionary objects.

    Action: Check the segment information and re-issue the command.

ORA-03251 Cannot issue this command on SYSTEM tablespace

    Cause: It is not permitted to migrate SYSTEM tablespace from locally managed format to dictionary managed format or relocate bitmaps.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and procedure name.

ORA-03274 both ALLOCATE EXTENT and DEALLOCATE UNUSED options are specified

    Cause: The DEALLOCATE option and the ALLOCATE option are specified in the same command.

    Action: Choose one of the options or issue two separate commands.

ORA-03275 duplicate DEALLOCATE option specification

    Cause: The DEALLOCATE UNUSED option to ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the option at most once.

ORA-03276 duplicate ALLOCATE EXTENT option specification

    Cause: The ALLOCATE EXTENT option to ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the option at most once.

ORA-03277 invalid SIZE specified

    Cause: The specified value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value.

ORA-03278 duplicate ALLOCATE EXTENT option specification

    Cause: An option (DATAFILE, SIZE or INSTANCE) was specified more than once.

    Action: Specify each option at most once.

ORA-03279 invalid INSTANCE specified

    Cause: The specified value is not recognized as a valid instance name.

    Action: Use a valid name.

ORA-03280 invalid DATAFILE filename specified

    Cause: A character string literal is expected, but not found.

    Action: Specify file names using character string literals.

ORA-03281 invalid ALLOCATE EXTENT option

    Cause: An option other than DATAFILE, SIZE or INSTANCE was specified.

    Action: Remove invalid option and retry the command.

ORA-03282 missing ALLOCATE EXTENT option

    Cause: No ALLOCATE EXTENT options were specified.

    Action: Specified one or more of the following options: DATAFILE, SIZE or INSTANCE.

ORA-03283 specified datafile string does not exist

    Cause: The datafile does not exist.

    Action: Retry the option with the correct datafile.

ORA-03284 datafile string is not a member of tablespace string

    Cause: The specified datafile does not belong to the tablespace that the object resides in.

    Action: Retry the option with the correct datafile.

ORA-03286 ALLOCATE EXTENT not valid for HASH CLUSTERS

    Cause: The cluster cannot use the allocate extent option because it is a hash cluster.

    Action: Do not use this command on a hash cluster.

ORA-03287 invalid FREELIST GROUP specified

    Cause: The specified FREELIST GROUP number is invalid.

    Action: Choose a number between 1 and the number of freelist groups for this object.

ORA-03288 both FREELIST GROUP and INSTANCE parameters may not be specified

    Cause: Both FREELIST GROUP and INSTANCE were specified in clause.

    Action: Remove one of the two parameters.

ORA-03289 partition name and segment type do not match

    Cause: Partition name and segment type specified for space analysis do not match.

    Action: Specify type PARTITION if the object is partitioned, specify SUBPARTITION if the object is composite.

ORA-03290 Invalid truncate command - missing CLUSTER or TABLE keyword

    Cause: Invalid object specification given.

    Action: Either specify TRUNCATE CLUSTER or TRUNCATE TABLE.

ORA-03291 Invalid truncate option - missing STORAGE keyword

    Cause: Expected STORAGE keyword.

    Action: Either specify DROP STORAGE or REUSE STORAGE.

ORA-03292 Table to be truncated is part of a cluster

    Cause: The table being truncated is a member of a cluster.

    Action: Either use TRUNCATE CLUSTER or DROP TABLE.

ORA-03293 Cluster to be truncated is a HASH CLUSTER

    Cause: Only INDEX CLUSTERS can be truncated.

    Action: Drop and re-create the HASH CLUSTER instead of using truncate.

ORA-03296 cannot resize datafile - file string not found

    Cause: The specified datafile is not available for resizing.

    Action: Ensure that the datafile name is valid, and if so, ensure the file is accessible.

ORA-03297 file contains used data beyond requested RESIZE value

    Cause: Some portion of the file in the region to be trimmed is currently in use by a database object.

    Action: Drop or move segments containing extents in this region prior to resizing the file, or choose a resize value such that only free space is in the trimmed.

ORA-03298 cannot shrink datafile - file string is under hot backup

    Cause: Attempt to shrink a datafile while it is under hot backup. This is not allowed.

    Action: Retry shrinking the file after the hot backup completes.

ORA-03299 cannot create dictionary table string

    Cause: A dictionary table is created upon the first execution of the command ALTER DATABASE DATAFILE AUTOEXTEND ON for a database. This operation did not succeed. The most probable cause for this is insufficient space in the system tablespace.

    Action: See action for next error message in error stack.

ORA-04000 the sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE cannot exceed 100

    Cause: The sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for a cluster or table exceeds 100.

    Action: Create the table/cluster specifying values whose sum is less than or equal to 100.

ORA-04001 sequence parameter string must be an integer

    Cause: string (a sequence parameter) specified was not an integer.

    Action: Create the sequence, giving the specified parameter an integer value.

ORA-04002 INCREMENT must be a non-zero integer

    Cause: A sequence increment was specified to be zero.

    Action: Specify the increment to be a non-zero value.

ORA-04003 sequence parameter string exceeds maximum size allowed (string digits)

    Cause: string (a sequencer parameter) had too many digits.

    Action: Specify the parameter with the allowed number of digits.

ORA-04004 MINVALUE must be less than MAXVALUE

    Cause: MINVALUE was specified to be greater than or equal to MAXVALUE.

    Action: Specify a MINVALUE that is less than MAXVALUE.

ORA-04005 INCREMENT must be less than MAXVALUE minus MINVALUE

    Cause: The INCREMENT specified is greater than or equal to MAXVALUE-MINVALUE.

    Action: Specify an INCREMENT that is less than MAXVALUE-MINVALUE.

ORA-04006 START WITH cannot be less than MINVALUE

    Cause: The given starting value is less than MINVALUE.

    Action: Make sure that the starting value is greater than or equal to MINVALUE.

ORA-04007 MINVALUE cannot be made to exceed the current value

    Cause: The given MINVALUE would be greater than the current value.

    Action: Always make sure that MINVALUE is less than or equal to the current value.

ORA-04008 START WITH cannot be more than MAXVALUE

    Cause: The starting value would be larger than MAXVALUE.

    Action: Make sure that the starting value is less than MAXVALUE.

ORA-04009 MAXVALUE cannot be made to be less than the current value

    Cause: The current value exceeds the given MAXVALUE.

    Action: Make sure that the new MAXVALUE is larger than the current value.

ORA-04010 the number of values to CACHE must be greater than 1

    Cause: The value in the CACHE clause was one.

    Action: Specify NOCACHE, or a value larger than one.

ORA-04011 sequence string must range between string and string

    Cause: The value specified for one of the sequence parameters exceeds limits.

    Action: Specify a parameter within these limits.

ORA-04012 object is not a sequence

    Cause: The object specified cannot have sequence DDLs performed on it.

    Action: Re-enter the statement being careful with the spelling of the name.

ORA-04013 number to CACHE must be less than one cycle

    Cause: The number to CACHE specified in a CREATE SEQUENCE statement exceeds the number of values in a cycle.

    Action: Enlarge the cycle or cache fewer values, and try again.

ORA-04014 descending sequences that CYCLE must specify MINVALUE

    Cause: A value was not specified in the CREATE SEQUENCE statement. Sequences that cycle must specify a value at which to begin again.

    Action: Re-create the sequence, specifying the value at which it is to begin.

ORA-04015 ascending sequences that CYCLE must specify MAXVALUE

    Cause: A value was not specified in the CREATE SEQUENCE statement. Sequences that cycle must specify a value at which to begin again.

    Action: Recreate the sequence, specifying the value at which it is to begin.

ORA-04016 sequence string no longer exists

    Cause: Sequence was dropped while processing its next value.

    Action: Re-create the sequence.

ORA-04017 invalid value string (length = string) for parameter max_dump_file_ size

    Cause: Neither did the string supplied for MAX_DUMP_FILE_SIZE parameter match the "UNLIMITED" string value nor did it represent a base 10 integer.

    Action: Reassign a proper value to this parameter.

ORA-04018 invalid value string for parameter _scn_scheme

    Cause: The value specified for initialization parameter _SCN_SCHEME is not recognized as one of the defined schemes.

    Action: Reassign a proper value.

ORA-04019 SCN scheme incompatible with other instances

    Cause: Either different instances are running incompatible Oracle releases or different values have been assigned to the _SCN_SCHEME initialization parameter on different instances.

    Action: Make sure the _SCN_SCHEME initialization parameter is set to the same value on all instances.

ORA-04020 deadlock detected while trying to lock object stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: While trying to lock a library object, a deadlock is detected.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-04021 timeout occurred while waiting to lock object stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: While waiting to lock a library object, a timeout is occurred.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-04022 nowait requested, but had to wait to lock dictionary object

    Cause: Had to wait to lock a library object during a nowait request.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-04028 cannot generate diana for object stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: Cannot generate diana for an object because of lock conflict.

    Action: Report this error to your support representative.

ORA-04029 error ORA-string occurred when querying stringstringstring

    Cause: The table or view being queried might be missing. The error number indicates the error.

    Action: Fix the error.

ORA-04030 out of process memory when trying to allocate string bytes (string,string)

    Cause: Operating system process private memory has been exhausted.

    Action: See the database administrator or operating system administrator to increase process memory quota. There may be a bug in the application that causes excessive allocations of process memory space.

ORA-04031 unable to allocate string bytes of shared memory ("string","string","string","string")

    Cause: More shared memory is needed than was allocated in the shared pool.

    Action: If the shared pool is out of memory, either use the DBMS_SHARED_ POOL package to pin large packages, reduce your use of shared memory, or increase the amount of available shared memory by increasing the value of the initialization parameters SHARED_POOL_RESERVED_SIZE and SHARED_ POOL_SIZE. If the large pool is out of memory, increase the initialization parameter LARGE_POOL_SIZE.

ORA-04032 pga_aggregate_target must be set before switching to auto mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to set WORKAREA_SIZE_POLICY to AUTO while PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET is not specified.

    Action: Before setting WORKAREA_SIZE_POLICY, set PGA_AGGREGATE_TARGET to a value representing the total private memory available to the instance. This total is generally the total physical memory available in the system minus what is needed for the SGA minus what is needed for the operating system (for example, such as 500 MB).

ORA-04033 insufficient memory to grow pool

    Cause: The system had insufficient memory to grow the pool to the specified size.

    Action: Specify a smaller value to grow the pool.

ORA-04041 package specification must be created first before creating package body

    Cause: Attempt to create a package body before creating its package specification.

    Action: Create the package specification first before creating the package body.

ORA-04042 procedure, function, package, or package body does not exist

    Cause: Attempt to access a procedure, function, package, or package body that does not exist.

    Action: Make sure the name is correct.

ORA-04043 object string does not exist

    Cause: An object name was specified that was not recognized by the system. Following are possible causes:

        * An invalid name for a table, view, sequence, procedure, function, package, or package body was entered. Since the system could not recognize the invalid name, it responded with the message that the named object does not exist.
        * An attempt was made to rename an index or a cluster, or some other object that cannot be renamed.

    Action: Check the spelling of the named object and rerun the code. (Valid names of tables, views, functions, etc. can be listed by querying the data dictionary.)

ORA-04044 procedure, function, package, or type is not allowed here

    Cause: A procedure, function, or package was specified in an inappropriate place in a statement.

    Action: Make sure the name is correct or remove it.

ORA-04045 errors during recompilation/revalidation of string.string

    Cause: This message indicates the object to which the following errors apply. The errors occurred during implicit recompilation/revalidation of the object.

    Action: Check the following errors for more information, and make the necessary corrections to the object.

ORA-04046 results of compilation are too large to support

    Cause: Attempt to compile and store a large stored procedure that results in compilation data that is too large for the system to support or store.

    Action: Reduce the size of the store procedure by splitting it into smaller stored procedures.

ORA-04047 object specified is incompatible with the flag specified

    Cause: The object type implied by the flag does not match the type of object specified.

    Action: Specify the correct object, or use the appropriate flag.

ORA-04050 invalid or missing procedure, function, or package name

    Cause: The required procedure, function, or package name is invalid or missing.

    Action: Specify a valid name.

ORA-04051 user string cannot use database link string.string

    Cause: During forwarding of a remote object access, an attempt was made to use a non-existent database link or one owned by a user other than the logon user or PUBLIC.

    Action: Change your database link structure so that all indirect remote accesses are done from the same userid that originates the request.

ORA-04052 error occurred when looking up remote object stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: An error has occurred when trying to look up a remote object.

    Action: Fix the error. Make sure the remote database system has run KGLR.SQL to create necessary views used for querying/looking up objects stored in the database.

ORA-04053 error occurred when validating remote object stringstringstringstringstring

    Cause: An error has occurred when trying to validate a remote object.

    Action: Fix the error. Make sure the remote database system has run KGLR.SQL to create necessary views used for querying/looking up objects stored in the database.

ORA-04054 database link string does not exist

    Cause: During compilation of a PL/SQL block, an attempt was made to use a non-existent database link.

    Action: Either use a different database link or create the database link.

ORA-04055 Aborted: "string" formed a non-REF mutually-dependent cycle with "string".

    Cause: This compilation was aborted because the library unit that was compiled would have formed a non-REF mutually-dependent cycle with some other library units. This happens when an attempt is made to compile types that have attributes of other types that may participate in a cycle with this type. Example:

    create type t1; create type t2 (a t1); create type t1 (a t2);

    Action: Break the cycle (possibly by adding a REF or by using another type).

ORA-04060 insufficient privileges to execute string

    Cause: Attempt to execute a stored procedure without sufficient privileges.

    Action: Get necessary privileges.

ORA-04061 existing state of string has been invalidated

    Cause: Attempt to resume the execution of a stored procedure using the existing state which has become invalid or inconsistent with the stored procedure because the procedure has been altered or dropped.

    Action: Try again; this error should have caused the existing state of all packages to be re-initialized.

ORA-04062 string of string has been changed

    Cause: Attempt to execute a stored procedure to serve an RPC stub which specifies a timestamp or signature that is different from the current timestamp/signature of the procedure.

    Action: Recompile the caller in order to pick up the new timestamp.

ORA-04063 string has errors

    Cause: Attempt to execute a stored procedure or use a view that has errors. For stored procedures, the problem could be syntax errors or references to other, non-existent procedures. For views, the problem could be a reference in the view's defining query to a non-existent table. Can also be a table which has references to non-existent or inaccessible types.

    Action: Fix the errors and/or create referenced objects as necessary.

ORA-04064 not executed, invalidated string

    Cause: Attempt to execute a stored procedure that has been invalidated.

    Action: Recompile the stored procedure.

ORA-04065 not executed, altered or dropped string

    Cause: Attempt to execute a stored procedure that has been altered or dropped thus making it not callable from the calling procedure.

    Action: Recompile its dependents.

ORA-04066 non-executable object, string

    Cause: Attempt to execute a non-procedure.

    Action: Make sure that a correct name is given.

ORA-04067 not executed, string does not exist

    Cause: Attempt to execute a non-existent stored procedure.

    Action: Make sure that a correct name is given.

ORA-04068 existing state of packagesstringstringstring has been discarded

    Cause: An error occurred when attempting to execute a stored procedure.

    Action: Refer to the accompanying messages and fix the error mentioned. Try the procedure again after proper reinitialization of any application's state.

ORA-04070 invalid trigger name

    Cause: An invalid trigger name was specified.

    Action: Verify that trigger name is not a reserved keyword.

ORA-04071 missing BEFORE, AFTER or INSTEAD OF keyword

    Cause: The trigger statement is missing the BEFORE/AFTER/INSTEAD OF clause.

    Action: Specify either BEFORE, AFTER or INSTEAD OF.

ORA-04072 invalid trigger type

    Cause: An invalid trigger type was given.

    Action: Specify either INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE.

ORA-04073 column list not valid for this trigger type

    Cause: A column list was specified for a non-update trigger type.

    Action: Remove the column list.

ORA-04074 invalid REFERENCING name

    Cause: An invalid name was given in the referencing clause.

    Action: Verify the referencing name is not a reserved word.

ORA-04075 invalid trigger action

    Cause: An statement was given for the trigger action.

    Action: Re-specify the trigger action.

ORA-04076 invalid NEW or OLD specification

    Cause: An invalid NEW or OLD specification was given for a column.

    Action: Re-specify the column using the correct NEW or OLD specification.

ORA-04077 WHEN clause cannot be used with table level triggers

    Cause: The when clause can only be specified for row level triggers.

    Action: Remove the when clause or specify for each row.

ORA-04078 OLD and NEW values cannot be identical

    Cause: The referencing clause specifies identical values for NEW and OLD.

    Action: Re-specify either the OLD or NEW referencing value.

ORA-04079 invalid trigger specification

    Cause: The create TRIGGER statement is invalid.

    Action: Check the statement for correct syntax.

ORA-04080 trigger 'string' does not exist

    Cause: The TRIGGER name is invalid.

    Action: Check the trigger name.

ORA-04081 trigger 'string' already exists

    Cause: The TRIGGER name or type already exists.

    Action: Use a different trigger name or drop the trigger which is of the same name.

ORA-04082 NEW or OLD references not allowed in table level triggers

    Cause: The trigger is accessing "new" or "old" values in a table trigger.

    Action: Remove any new or old references.

ORA-04083 invalid trigger variable 'string'

    Cause: The variable referenced in the trigger body is invalid.

    Action: See the Oracle9i SQL Reference for valid trigger variable types.

ORA-04084 cannot change NEW values for this trigger type

    Cause: New trigger variables can only be changed in before row insert or update triggers.

    Action: Change the trigger type or remove the variable reference.

ORA-04085 cannot change the value of an OLD reference variable

    Cause: Old values can only be read and not changed.

    Action: Do not attempt to change an old variable.

ORA-04086 trigger description too long, move comments into triggering code

    Cause: The trigger description is limited to 2000 characters (for dictionary storage reasons). The description does not include the text of the "when" clause or the text of the PL/SQL code executed for the trigger.

    Action: If the trigger description contains a large comment, move that comment into the PL/SQL code for the trigger.

ORA-04087 cannot change the value of ROWID reference variable

    Cause: ROWIDs can only be read and not changed.

    Action: Do not attempt to change an ROWID value.

ORA-04088 error during execution of trigger 'string.string'

    Cause: A runtime error occurred during execution of a trigger.

    Action: Check the triggers which were involved in the operation.

ORA-04089 cannot create triggers on objects owned by SYS

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger on an object owned by SYS.

    Action: Do not create triggers on objects owned by SYS.

ORA-04090 'string' specifies same table, event and trigger time as 'string'

    Cause: Trigger is of duplicate event and trigger time.

    Action: Combine the triggering information into one trigger which is fired at the given time.

ORA-04091 table string.string is mutating, trigger/function may not see it

    Cause: A trigger (or a user defined PL/SQL function that is referenced in this statement) attempted to look at (or modify) a table that was in the middle of being modified by the statement which fired it.

    Action: Rewrite the trigger (or function) so it does not read that table.

ORA-04092 cannot string in a trigger

    Cause: A trigger attempted to commit or roll back.

    Action: Rewrite the trigger so it does not commit or roll back.

ORA-04093 references to columns of type LONG are not allowed in triggers

    Cause: A trigger attempted to reference a long column in the triggering table.

    Action: Do not reference the long column.

ORA-04094 table string.string is constraining, trigger may not modify it

    Cause: A trigger attempted to modify a table that was constraining for some referential constraint of a parent SQL statement.

    Action: Rewrite the trigger so that it does not modify that table.

ORA-04095 trigger 'string' already exists on another table, cannot replace it

    Cause: Cannot replace a trigger which already exists on a different table than the one being replaced.

    Action: Drop the trigger with the same name and re-create it.

ORA-04096 trigger 'string' has a WHEN clause which is too large, limit 2K

    Cause: A trigger's WHEN clause is limited to 2K for dictionary storage reasons. The trigger being created exceeded that size.

    Action: Use a smaller WHEN clause. Note, the trigger body could be used to perform the same limiting action as the WHEN clause.

ORA-04097 DDL conflict while trying to drop or alter a trigger

    Cause: An attempt was made to concurrently perform two DDL operations on a trigger or trigger table.

    Action: Investigate the new state of the trigger and retry the DDL operation, if still appropriate.

ORA-04098 trigger 'string.string' is invalid and failed re-validation

    Cause: A trigger was attempted to be retrieved for execution and was found to be invalid. This also means that compilation/authorization failed for the trigger.

    Action: Options are to resolve the compilation/authorization errors, disable the trigger, or drop the trigger.

ORA-04099 trigger 'string' is valid but not stored in compiled form

    Cause: A trigger was attempted to be retrieved for execution and was found to be valid, but not stored. This may mean the an upgrade was done improperly from a non-stored trigger release.

    Action: Alter compile the trigger to create the trigger in stored form. Also, you may want to review that a proper upgrade was done.
ORA-04930 open sequence number failed or initial state is valid

    Cause: Either Shared Sequence Number operating system component was not installed properly, or an MC hardware failure may have occurred or a previous instance was not shut down properly.

    Action: Verify that there are no background or foreground Oracle processes from a previous instance on this node using the operating system command ps -ef | grep instance_name. Verify that there are no shared memory segments belonging to the user which owns the Oracle installation by issuing the ipcs -b operating system command. If there are shared memory segments or processes still on the system, use SVRMGRL to shut down the instance with the abort option. If the instance is not up, verify that the cluster software and/or the hardware is installed and working. Log in as superuser and issue the CNXSHOW command. Are all of the nodes in the cluster listed? Are they members of the cluster? Is the communications between nodes okay? If the answer to any of these questions is false, contact Digital's customer support organization.

ORA-04931 unable to set initial sequence number value

    Cause: A call to the SSN failed to set the sequence number to its initial value, possibly caused by an MC hardware problem.

    Action: Verify that the MC hardware is functioning properly. If it is not, contact Digital's customer support organization. If it is, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-04932 increment or adjust of sequence number failed

    Cause: A call to the SSN failed to increment the sequence number.

    Action: Verify that the MC hardware is functioning properly. If it is not, contact Digital's customer support organization. If it is, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-04933 initial service identifier is non-zero

    Cause: A valid service identifier existed before the sequence number service was opened.

    Action: Verify that the instance is completely shut down.

ORA-04934 unable to obtain the current sequence number

    Cause: A call to the SSN failed to return its current value. Either there are many errors occurring on the MC hardware, or the sequence number has become invalid and cannot be validated.

    Action: Verify that the MC hardware is functioning properly. If it is, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-04935 unable to get/convert SCN recovery lock

    Cause: A process has timed out trying to get or convert the SCN recovery lock. Another process probably has the lock in EX or SHR mode, but is not releasing it.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-04940 unsupported optimization of Oracle binary, check alert log for more info

    Cause: ORACLE binary has been optimized with unsupported options or a required option has not been used.

    Action: Check the documentation for a list of supported and required flags for the optimizing utility that you used to optimize ORACLE. Shutdown the instance, optimize ORACLE again with a supported combination of options, and restart the instance.

ORA-06000 NETASY: port open failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to open port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06001 NETASY: port set-up failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to change port attributes.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06002 NETASY: port read failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to read from port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06003 NETASY: port write failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to write to port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06004 NETASY: dialogue file open failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to open dialogue file.

    Action: Check connect string for accuracy/typos.

ORA-06005 NETASY: dialogue file read failure

    Cause: Autologin unable to read dialogue file.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06006 NETASY: dialogue execute failure

    Cause: Expected response never received.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06007 NETASY: bad dialogue format

    Cause: Dialogue file contains syntax error.

    Action: Correct the dialogue file.

ORA-06009 NETASY: dialogue filename too long

    Cause: Full file specification for dialogue file exceeds 64 bytes.

    Action: Amend connect string accordingly.

ORA-06010 NETASY: dialogue file too long

    Cause: Dialogue file exceeds 768 bytes in length.

    Action: Simplify dialogue (for example, such as remove comments, redundant white space), or split into two and link with the MORE command.

ORA-06011 NETASY: dialogue too long

    Cause: One of the following:

        * Dialogue contains more than 24 exchange blocks
        * Dialogue send string exceeds 84 bytes in length

    Action: Simplify dialogue or split into two and link with the MORE command.

ORA-06017 NETASY: message receive failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver gets I/O error while doing network read operation.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06018 NETASY: message send failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver gets I/O error while doing network write operation.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06019 NETASY: invalid login (connect) string

    Cause: Syntax error in login string.

    Action: Resubmit with correct string.

ORA-06020 NETASY: initialisation failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to complete initialization.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06021 NETASY: connect failed

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to establish connection with partner.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06022 NETASY: channel open failure

    Cause: No free channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06023 NETASY: port open failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to open port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06024 NETASY: VTM error

    Cause: Virtual Terminal Manager unable to read/write to port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06025 NETASY: Configuration error

    Cause: Asynchronous driver generated for server-only, but client service requested.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06026 NETASY: port close failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to close port.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06027 NETASY: channel close failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to close channel.

    Action: Check log file for operating system-specific error code.

ORA-06028 NETASY: unable to intialise for logging

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to initialize for logging I/O.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06029 NETASY: port assignment failure

    Cause: Asynchronous driver unable to assign port to channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06030 NETDNT: connect failed, unrecognized node name

    Cause: Node name specified in host string is unknown (probably misspelled).

    Action: Retry with correct node name.

ORA-06031 NETDNT: connect failed, unrecognized object name

    Cause: Host string contains reference to object (which does not exist):

    @d:node-obj => object is ORDNobj;

        * When node is VMS, the object is ORDNobj.COM
        * When node is UNIX, the object is ORDNobj @d:node::"task=obj" => object is obj;
        * When node is VMS, the object is obj.COM
        * When node is UNIX, the object is obj

    Action: Retry with correct object name or create the required object on host node.

ORA-06032 NETDNT: connect failed, access control data rejected

    Cause: Host string contains invalid username/password.

    Action: Retry with correct username/password.

ORA-06033 NETDNT: connect failed, partner rejected connection

    Cause: Connection with partner was made but was rejected.

    Action: Contact your network administrator.

ORA-06034 NETDNT: connect failed, partner exited unexpectedly

    Cause: Connection with host node was made but partner aborted.

    Action: Make sure object (see 06031, above) is working (for VMS run the command file and make sure that the Oracle server process starts up); sometimes happens when the network/node is under stress; in this case, a retry often works.

ORA-06035 NETDNT: connect failed, insufficient resources

    Cause: Insufficient system resources are available to complete the connection; for example, all DECnet channels are in use.

    Action: Contact your network administrator.

ORA-06037 NETDNT: connect failed, node unreachable

    Cause: Host node is down.

    Action: Contact your network administrator.

ORA-06039 NETDNT: connect failed

    Cause: Connect failed for unexpected reason (see OSD error).

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06040 NETDNT: invalid login (connect) string

    Cause: Syntax error in login string.

    Action: Resubmit with correct string.

ORA-06041 NETDNT: disconnect failed

    Cause: Driver gets error while doing network close operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06042 NETDNT: message receive failure

    Cause: Driver gets I/O error while doing network read operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06043 NETDNT: message send failure

    Cause: Driver gets I/O error while doing network write operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06044 NETDNT: connect failed, byte count quota exceeded

    Cause: Connect failed because of insufficient byte count quota.

    Action: Increase byte count quota.

ORA-06102 NETTCP: cannot allocate context area

    Cause: Insufficient dynamic memory available for connection context area.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06105 NETTCP: remote host is unknown

    Cause: Host name specified in the login (connect) string is unknown.

    Action: Check spelling; make sure name is in the TCP/IP HOST file.

ORA-06106 NETTCP: socket creation failure

    Cause: Process open file quota probably exceeded.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06107 NETTCP: ORACLE network server not found

    Cause: No entry in SERVICES file for Oracle server.

    Action: Add (ORASRV) entry to the TCP/IP SERVICES file.

ORA-06108 NETTCP: connect to host failed

    Cause: Connection attempt to remote host has failed. Probably means that the SQL*Net TCP/IP server on the remote host is not up, or the host itself is not up (check the latter by targeting it with Telnet).

    Action: Start the SQL*Net TCP/IP server process on the remote host.

ORA-06109 NETTCP: message receive failure

    Cause: I/O error occurred while attempting network read operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06110 NETTCP: message send failure

    Cause: I/O error occurred while attempting network write operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06111 NETTCP: disconnect failure

    Cause: Error occurred while closing a socket.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06112 NETTCP: invalid buffer size

    Cause: The buffer size specified in the login string exceeds the allowed maximum (of 4096).

    Action: Re-submit with valid buffer size.

ORA-06113 NETTCP: Too many connections

    Cause: The maximum no. of concurrently open connections has been reached.

    Action: Exit an application with an open connection which is no longer required.

ORA-06114 NETTCP: SID lookup failure

    Cause: From the remote host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server: the database SID, specified in the login (connect) string, was not recognized.

    Action: Add the appropriate SID entry to the CONFIG.ORA file on the remote host (and restart the SQL*Net TCP/IP server).

ORA-06115 NETTCP: unable to create ORACLE logicals

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to create the necessary logical names required by the Oracle server process. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06116 NETTCP: unable to create ORASRV process

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to create the Oracle server process. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06117 NETTCP: unable to create ORASRV: quota exceeded

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to create the Oracle server process because of quota depletion.

    Action: Increase quota allocations to the SQL*Net TCP/IP server process.

ORA-06118 NETTCP: unable to complete handshake with ORASRV

    Cause: The Oracle server process was started but failed to complete its initialization.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06119 NETTCP: spurious client request

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to recognize this connection request. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06120 NETTCP: network driver not loaded

    Cause: The TCP/IP network driver is not loaded.

    Action: Check that the TCP/IP driver is loaded correctly.

ORA-06121 NETTCP: access failure

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to test the accessibility of the SID mapping file (specified in CONFIG.ORA) associated with this connection request. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06122 NETTCP: setup failure

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to set up the appropriate environment to service this connection request. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06123 NETTCP: cannot set KEEPALIVE

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to set the socket KEEPLIVE option. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06124 NETTCP: timeout waiting for ORASRV

    Cause: The Oracle server process was started but failed to respond after N seconds.

    Action: For heavily loaded systems this is not an uncommon occurrence. Increase the value of N (the default is 30) by placing the following entry in the CONFIG.ORA file: SQLNET ORASRV_WAIT = no_of_secs which will come into effect the next time the SQL*Net TCP/IP server is started.

ORA-06125 NETTCP: ORASRV exited unexpectedly

    Cause: The Oracle server process was started but exited unexpectedly. Possible causes:

       1. Insufficient quotas to run ORASRV
       2. Oracle is not installed See the ORASRV output file for more details; the file will be in the ORA_SQLNET directory and will have a name of the form: ORA_SRVTnn_sid.OUT

    Action: If appropriate action is not obvious from the ORASRV output file, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06126 NETTCP: ORASRV unable to open network connection

    Cause: The Oracle server process was started but was unable to open the socket passed to it by ORASRV.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06127 NETTCP: unable to change username

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server could not establish a PROXY LOGIN connection because the client username is unknown (to the host operating system).

    Action: Create new user account on host.

ORA-06128 NETTCP: unable to create mailbox

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to create a mailbox (needed for IPC communication with the Oracle server process). See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06129 NETTCP: unable to transfer socket ownership to ORASRV

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to transfer the network communication handle to the Oracle server process. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06130 NETTCP: host access denied

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server rejected this connection request because the client node does not have access privilege - as determined by the contents of the Valid Node Table (VNT), a component of the host's CONFIG.ORA.

    Action: To grant access, add appropriate entry to the host's VNT.

ORA-06131 NETTCP: user access denied

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server rejected this connection request because the client user(name) does not have access privilege, as determined by the contents of the Username Mapping Table (UMT), a component of the host's CONFIG.ORA.

    Action: To grant access, add appropriate entry to the host's UMT.

ORA-06132 NETTCP: access denied, wrong password

    Cause: The host SQL*Net TCP/IP server rejected this connection request because the client password did not match the host password.

    Action: To grant access, get passwords in sync.

ORA-06133 NETTCP: file not found

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server could not find the SID mapping file (specified in CONFIG.ORA) associated with this connection request.

    Action: Check CONFIG.ORA for spelling; make correct entry.

ORA-06134 NETTCP: file access privilege violation

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server did not have READ/ EXECUTE permission for the SID mapping file (specified in CONFIG.ORA) associated with this connection request.

    Action: Change protection on SID mapping file.

ORA-06135 NETTCP: connection rejected; server is stopping

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server rejected this connection request because it is in the process of stopping.

    Action: Restart SQL*Net TCP/IP server.

ORA-06136 NETTCP: error during connection handshake

    Cause: Network I/O failure occurred while communicating with the host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06137 NETTCP: error during connection handshake

    Cause: Network I/O failure occurred while communicating with the host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06138 NETTCP: error during connection handshake

    Cause: Network I/O failure occurred while communicating with the host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06140 NETTCP: no such user

    Cause: A proxy login connect attempt failed because the client username has no counterpart on the host.

    Action: Try again with a user that has a counterpart on the host.

ORA-06141 NETTCP: no privilege for user

    Cause: A proxy login connect attempt failed because the SQL*Net TCP/IP server had insufficient privileges to access the proxy account.

    Action: Change account protection; change server privileges.

ORA-06142 NETTCP: error getting user information

    Cause: A proxy login connect attempt failed because the SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to access the proxy account. See the SQL*Net TCP/IP server log file for more details.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06143 NETTCP: maximum connections exceeded

    Cause: The connect failed because the maximum concurrent connections supported by the host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server has already been reached.

    Action: Wait for a short period and retry.

ORA-06144 NETTCP: SID (database) is unavailable

    Cause: The database administrator on the host has varied the SID offline.

    Action: Wait for it to be varied back online.

ORA-06145 NETTCP: unable to start ORASRV: images not installed

    Cause: The host's SQL*Net TCP/IP server was unable to start the Oracle server process because the Oracle protected images were not installed.

    Action: Install the images.

ORA-06200 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't create mailbox

ORA-06201 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't attach to mailbox

ORA-06202 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't spawn ORASRV process

ORA-06203 TWOTASK: connect failed, handshake failure

ORA-06204 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't access ORASRV2.COM

ORA-06205 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't create logical name

ORA-06206 TWOTASK: message receive failure

ORA-06207 TWOTASK: message send failure

ORA-06208 TWOTASK: invalid login (connect) string

ORA-06209 TWOTASK: connect failed, mailbox already exists

ORA-06210 TWOTASK: connect failed, ORASRV exited unexpectedly

ORA-06211 TWOTASK: connect failed, timeout waiting for ORASRV

ORA-06212 TWOTASK: connect failed, logical name table is full

ORA-06213 TWOTASK: connect failed

ORA-06214 TWOTASK: connect failed, insufficient quotas to create ORASRV

ORA-06215 TWOTASK: connect failed, ORASRV protected image not installed

ORA-06216 TWOTASK: connect failed, can't find ORASRV image file

ORA-06250 NETNTT: cannot allocate send and receive buffers

    Cause: Two-task driver could not allocate data buffers.

    Action: There is insufficient memory to run your program. Kill off other processes to free up memory.

ORA-06251 NETNTT: cannot translate address file name

    Cause: ORACLE_HOME environment variable not set.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported.

ORA-06252 NETNTT: cannot open address file

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver could not open a file containing address information.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported. Make sure the instance you are attempting to connect to is actually up and running.

ORA-06253 NETNTT: cannot read arguments from address file

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver could not read addressing information from its addressing file.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported. Make sure the instance you are attempting to connect to is actually up and running.

ORA-06254 NETNTT: cannot share connection to cube

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver could not share a connection to the cube.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME environment variable has been properly set and exported. Make sure the instance you are attempting to connect to is actually up and running.

ORA-06255 NETNTT: cannot read pid of remote process

    Cause: An error occurred while reading the NTT communications link.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06256 NETNTT: remote fork failed

    Cause: The Oracle listener process on the cube could not fork off a shadow process.

    Action: The instance you are trying to connect to probably does not have enough memory to run another shadow process. Ask someone else to log off, or connect to a different instance.

ORA-06257 NETNTT: cannot send command line to shadow process

    Cause: An error occurred while writing the NTT communications link.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06258 NETNTT: cannot allocate context area

    Cause: Two-task driver could not allocate data buffers.

    Action: There is insufficient memory to run your program. Kill off other processes to free up memory.

ORA-06259 NETNTT: cannot read from remote process

    Cause: An error occurred while reading the NTT communications link.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06260 NETNTT: cannot write to remote process

    Cause: An error occurred while writing the NTT communications link.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06261 NETNTT: nrange() failed

    Cause: The call to NRANGE() failed while attempting to establish a connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06262 NETNTT: nfconn() failed

    Cause: The call to NFCONN() failed while attempting to establish a connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06263 NETNTT: out of memory in pi_connect

    Cause: Two-task driver could not allocate data buffers.

    Action: There is insufficient memory to run your program. Kill off other processes to free up memory.

ORA-06264 NETNTT: data protocol error

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver received an unexpected message type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06265 NETNTT: break protocol error

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver received an unexpected message type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06266 NETNTT: bad write length

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver failed on an internal consistency check.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06267 NETNTT: bad state

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver failed on an internal consistency check.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06268 NETNTT: cannot read /etc/oratab

    Cause: The NTT two-task driver could not read configuration information from /etc/oratab.

    Action: Make sure /etc/oratab exists and is readable. This error may occur if the file is incorrectly formatted. It also may occur if the driver has run out of memory.

ORA-06300 IPA: Disconnect failure

    Cause: A fatal error occurred during the disconnect from the server. This was probably caused by inaccessible message queues.

    Action: If there is no message queue, restart the SQL*Net IPA servers using IPACTL. Otherwise contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06301 IPA: Cannot allocate driver context

    Cause: The memory pool is exhausted.

    Action: Check the circumstances and try to allocate less memory in your program or adjust the parameters in your initialization parameter file and retry.

ORA-06302 IPA: Cannot connect to remote host

    Cause: One of the following:

        * There is no ADI server defined to reflect a connection to the specified host.
        * The remote host is not known by the local system.
        * The Oracle kernel on the remote host is not generated with the IPA driver

    Action: Check sequentially for the above causes and eliminate the actual cause found.

ORA-06303 IPA: Message send error

    Cause: The SQL*Net IPA driver could not write the message into the message queue.

    Action: Make sure that the message queue exists and is accessible. If necessary rerun IPACTL.

ORA-06304 IPA: Message receive error

    Cause: The SQL*Net IPA driver could not read a message from the message queue.

    Action: Make sure that the message queue exists and is accessible. If necessary rerun IPACTL.

ORA-06305 IPA: Illegal message type

    Cause: The communication between user and Oracle is out of synchronization. This message should not normally be issued.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06306 IPA: Message write length error

    Cause: The IPA driver tried to write a message in the queue that was too big for the queue.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06307 IPA: Cannot reset connection

    Cause: A fatal error occurred during the resetting of the connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06308 IPA: No more connections available

    Cause: You have exhausted all your connections.

    Action: Try again when some of the current users have logged off.

ORA-06309 IPA: No message queue available

    Cause: The SQL*Net IPA servers have not been started.

    Action: Run IPACTL.

ORA-06310 IPA: Environment variable(s) not set

    Cause: Environment variable(s) not set correctly.

    Action: Check and correct.

ORA-06311 IPA: Maximum number of servers reached

    Cause: Maximum number of servers reached.

    Action: Shut down and restart with an increased maximum number of servers. Note that database links consume one server per link. Be sure to start enough servers to support database links.

ORA-06312 IPA: Incorrect outgoing service name supplied

    Cause: Incorrect outgoing service name supplied.

    Action: Check and correct the service name.

ORA-06313 IPA: Shared memory failed to initialise

    Cause: The shared memory has not been set up correctly.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06314 IPA: Event set up failure

    Cause: Fatal interprocess communication error.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06315 IPA: Invalid connect string

    Cause: The connect string is malformed.

    Action: Check and correct.

ORA-06316 IPA: Invalid database SID

    Cause: The SID is unknown at the remote side.

    Action: Either the database does not exist, is not running, or there are no reserved servers for that SID.

ORA-06317 IPA: Local maximum number of users exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of simultaneous users of SQL*Net IPA has been exceeded on the local side.

    Action: Wait for free connections to become available. If the problem persists, contact your system administrator.

ORA-06318 IPA: Local maximum number of connections exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of simultaneous connections that SQL*Net IPA can handle to different hosts has been exceeded on the local side.

    Action: Wait for free connections to become available. If the problem persists, contact your system administrator.

ORA-06319 IPA: Remote maximum number of users exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of simultaneous users of SQL*Net IPA has been exceeded on the remote side.

    Action: Wait for free connections to become available. If the problem persists, contact your system administrator.

ORA-06320 IPA: Remote maximum number of connections exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of simultaneous connections that SQL*Net IPA can handle from different hosts has been exceeded on the remote side.

    Action: Wait for free connections to become available. If the problem persists, contact your system administrator.

ORA-06321 IPA: Cannot reach the remote side

    Cause: There has been a timeout on an attempt to connect to a remote server the reason for which is most likely to be the remote SQL*Net IPA software is not running. An alternative reason could be that the remote initiator service name is incorrect.

    Action: Check and start the remote SQL*Net software. Check that it is started with the correct service names supplied.

ORA-06322 IPA: Fatal shared memory error

    Cause: An internal error has occurred in the shared memory handling.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06323 IPA: Cause event error

    Cause: Fatal interprocess communication error.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06400 NETCMN: No default host string specified

    Cause: There was no default host string specified in the configuration and the user did not specify any explicit connect string.

    Action: Either reconfigure the system specifying a default connect string or use an explicit connect string.

ORA-06401 NETCMN: invalid driver designator

    Cause: The login (connect) string contains an invalid driver designator.

    Action: Correct the string and re-submit.

ORA-06402 NETCMN: error receiving break message

    Cause: Error occurred while attempting to read a break message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06403 Unable to allocate memory.

    Cause: System unable to allocate needed virtual memory.

    Action: Configure more memory, reduce load, or try again.

ORA-06404 NETCMN: invalid login (connect) string

    Cause: Syntax error in login string.

    Action: Correct string and re-submit.

ORA-06405 NETCMN: reset protocol error

    Cause: Unable to reset out of break state.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06406 NETCMN: error sending break message

    Cause: Error occurred while attempting to send a break message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06407 NETCMN: unable to set up break handling environment

    Cause: Error occurred while attempting to set up asynchronous handlers for in-coming, out-of-band break messages.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06408 NETCMN: incorrect message format

    Cause: Message from partner contains bad header.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06413 Connection not open.

    Cause: Unable to establish connection.

    Action: Use diagnostic procedures to ascertain exact problem.

ORA-06416 NETCMN: error on test

    Cause: Error occurred while testing I/O status of the network connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06419 NETCMN: server can not start oracle

    Cause: The remote server was unable to start an Oracle process on behalf of the client.

    Action: Make sure permissions on the remote Oracle program are correctly set. Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06420 NETCMN: SID lookup failure

    Cause: From the remote host's server: the database SID, specified in the login (connect) string, was not recognized.

    Action: Add the appropriate SID entry to the CONFIG.ORA or ORATAB file on the remote host (restarting the remote server may be needed).

ORA-06421 NETCMN: Error detected in the read-in data

    Cause: Error found during recomputation of checksum or CRC.

    Action: Possible hardware failures of communication nodes. Contact system administrator immediately.

ORA-06422 NETCMN: Error in sending data

    Cause: Unable to transmit data to remote host.

    Action: Try reconnect to remote host, and contact your system administrator.

ORA-06423 NETCMN: Error in receiving data

    Cause: Unable to receive data from remote host.

    Action: Try reconnect to remote host, and contact your system administrator.

ORA-06430 ssaio: Seals do not match

    Cause: A function was called with an invalid argument.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06431 ssaio: Invalid Block number

    Cause: The file block number is out of range of the file. The additional information returns the block number.

    Action: Verify that the block number is correct. Run DBFSIZE and check if the block number is in that range. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06432 ssaio: Buffer Not Aligned

    Cause: The I/O buffer was not aligned on a 2K boundary.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06433 ssaio: LSEEK error, unable to seek to requested block.

    Cause: The additional information returns the block number.

    Action: Look up the additional information returned in your operating system reference manual. Verify that the block number is correct.

ORA-06434 ssaio: read error, unable to read requested block from database file.

    Cause: The read system call returned an error.

    Action: The additional information indicates the block number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06435 ssaio: write error, unable to write requested block to database file.

    Cause: The write system call returned an error.

    Action: The additional information indicates the block number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06436 ssaio: asynchronous I/O failed due to incorrect parameters.

    Cause: The Asynchronous I/O system call returned an error.

    Action: The additional information indicates the block number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06437 ssaio: the asynchronous write was unable to write to the database file.

    Cause: The Asynchronous I/O system call returned an error.

    Action: The additional information indicates the block number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06438 ssaio: the asynchronous read was unable to read from the database file.

    Cause: The Asynchronous I/O system call returned an error.

    Action: The additional information indicates the block number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06439 ssaio: the asynchronous write returned incorrect number of bytes

    Cause: This write call may have been truncated. The additional information returns the block number and number of bytes.

    Action: Verify that the block number and the number of bytes written are correct.

ORA-06440 ssaio: the asynchronous read returned incorrect number of bytes

    Cause: This read call may have been truncated. The additional information returns the block number and number of bytes.

    Action: Verify that the block number and the number of bytes read are correct.

ORA-06441 ssvwatev: Incorrect parameter passed to function call

    Cause: Either the Oracle process ID, or wait time or event ID is invalid.

    Action: The additional information indicates the process ID, time and event ID.

ORA-06442 ssvwatev: Failed with unexpected error number.

    Cause: Some system problems may exist on your system; check the error logs.

    Action: The additional information indicates the error number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06443 ssvpstev: Incorrect parameter passed to function call

    Cause: An invalid event ID is passed in to this routine.

    Action: The additional information indicates the event ID.

ORA-06444 ssvpstev: Failed with unexpected error number.

    Cause: Some system problems may exist on your system; check the error logs.

    Action: The additional information indicates the error number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06445 ssvpstevrg: Incorrect parameters passed to function call

    Cause: An invalid event ID, or the low and high event ID do not exist.

    Action: The additional information indicates the error number. It also contains the event ID, low boundary and high boundary.

ORA-06446 ssvpstevrg: Failed with unexpected error number.

    Cause: Some system problems may exist on your system; check the error logs.

    Action: The additional information indicates the error number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06447 ssvpstp: Incorrect parameter passed to function call

    Cause: Invalid Oracle process ID is passed in to this routine.

    Action: The additional information indicates the process ID.

ORA-06448 ssvpstp: Failed with unexpected error number.

    Cause: Some system problems may exist on your system; check the error logs.

    Action: The additional information indicates the error number. Look up the additional information returned in your operating system manual.

ORA-06449 The list IO or the sysvendor is not installed.

    Cause: Oracle tries to use the SYSVENDOR interface (INIT.ORA parameter USE_SYSVENDOR=TRUE) but the UNIX kernel does not have the Oracle SYSVENDOR interface linked in.

    Action: Set USE_SYSVENDOR=FALSE in INIT.ORA, if you do not want to use this interface or link the UNIX kernel with this interface so that Oracle can use it.

ORA-06500 PL/SQL: storage error

    Cause: This is a rare internal error message. Memory has been exhausted or corrupted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06501 PL/SQL: program error

    Cause: This is an internal error message. An error has been detected in a PL/SQL program.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06502 PL/SQL: numeric or value error string

    Cause: An arithmetic, numeric, string, conversion, or constraint error occurred. For example, this error occurs if an attempt is made to assign the value NULL to a variable declared NOT NULL, or if an attempt is made to assign an integer larger than 99 to a variable declared NUMBER(2).

    Action: Change the data, how it is manipulated, or how it is declared so that values do not violate constraints.

ORA-06503 PL/SQL: Function returned without value

    Cause: A call to PL/SQL function completed, but no RETURN statement was executed.

    Action: Rewrite PL/SQL function, making sure that it always returns a value of a proper type.

ORA-06504 PL/SQL: Return types of Result Set variables or query do not match

    Cause: Number and/or types of columns in a query does not match declared return type of a result set variable, or declared types of two Result Set variables do not match.

    Action: Change the program statement or declaration. Verify what query the variable actually refers to during execution.

ORA-06505 PL/SQL: variable requires more than 32767 bytes of contiguous memory

    Cause: A PL/SQL variable was declared with a constraint which required more than 32767 bytes of memory. PL/SQL does not currently support allocations of contiguous memory greater than 32767 bytes.

    Action: Consider reducing the constraint in the variable declaration. If that is not possible, try changing the database or national character set to such, that requires less memory for the same constraint. Note: changing the character set will impact execution of all PL/SQL code.

ORA-06508 PL/SQL: could not find program unit being called

    Cause: An attempt was made to call a stored program that could not be found. The program may have been dropped or incompatibly modified, or have compiled with errors.

    Action: Check that all referenced programs, including their package bodies, exist and are compatible.

ORA-06509 PL/SQL: ICD vector missing for this package

    Cause: This indicates a version clash between some package distributed with an Oracle product and the product executable.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06510 PL/SQL: unhandled user-defined exception

    Cause: A user-defined exception was raised by PL/SQL code, but not handled.

    Action: Fix the problem causing the exception or write an exception handler for this condition. Or you may need to contact your application administrator or database administrator.

ORA-06511 PL/SQL: cursor already open

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a cursor that was already open.

    Action: Close cursor first before reopening.

ORA-06512 at string line string

    Cause: Backtrace message as the stack is unwound by unhandled exceptions.

    Action: Fix the problem causing the exception or write an exception handler for this condition. Or you may need to contact your application administrator or database administrator.

ORA-06513 PL/SQL: index for PL/SQL table out of range for host language array

    Cause: An attempt is being made to copy a PL/SQL table to a host language array. But an index in the table is either less than one or greater than the maximum size of the host language array. When copying PL/SQL tables to host language arrays, the table entry at index 1 is placed in the first element of the array, the entry at index 2 is placed in the second element of the array, etc. If an table entry has not been assigned then the corresponding element in the host language array is set to null.

    Action: Increase size of host language array, or decrease size of PL/SQL table. Also make sure that you do not use index values less than 1.

ORA-06514 PL/SQL: The remote call cannot be handled by the server

    Cause: The remote call has parameters that are cursor variables or lob variables. This cannot be handled by stored procedures on your server.

    Action: Avoid using cursor variables or lob variables as parameters for stored procedures on this server or upgrade your server to a release that supports this.

ORA-06515 PL/SQL: unhandled exception string

    Cause: An exception was raised by PL/SQL code, but not handled. The exception number is outside the legal range of Oracle errors.

    Action: Fix the problem causing the exception or write an exception handler for this condition. Or you may need to contact your application administrator or database administrator.

ORA-06516 PL/SQL: the Probe packages do not exist or are invalid

    Cause: A Probe operation, probably an attempt to initialize the Oracle server to debug PL/SQL, could not be completed because the Probe packages were not loaded or have become invalid.

    Action: DBA should load the Probe packages. This can be done by running the PBLOAD.SQL script supplied with the RDBMS.

ORA-06517 PL/SQL: Probe error - string

    Cause: An error occurred while passing a Probe operation to the server for execution.

    Action: Refer to the entry for the embedded error message.

ORA-06518 PL/SQL: Probe version string incompatible with version string

    Cause: The current version of Probe is incompatible with the version on the Oracle server.

    Action: Refer to the documentation to ensure that this degree of compatibility is supported.

ORA-06519 active autonomous transaction detected and rolled back

    Cause: Before returning from an autonomous PL/SQL block, all autonomous transactions started within the block must be completed (either committed or rolled back). If not, the active autonomous transaction is implicitly rolled back and this error is raised.

    Action: Ensure that before returning from an autonomous PL/SQL block, any active autonomous transactions are explicitly committed or rolled back.

ORA-06520 PL/SQL: Error loading external library

    Cause: An error was detected by PL/SQL trying to load the external library dynamically.

    Action: Check the stacked error (if any) for more details.

ORA-06521 PL/SQL: Error mapping function

    Cause: An error was detected by PL/SQL trying to map the mentioned function dynamically.

    Action: Check the stacked error (if any) for more details.

ORA-06522 string

    Cause: ORA-06520 or ORA-06521could stack this error with a system-specific error string.

    Action: This error string should give the cause for errors ORA-06520 or ORA-06521

ORA-06523 Maximum number of arguments exceeded

    Cause: There is an upper limit on the number of arguments that one can pass to the external function.

    Action: Check the port-specific documentation on how to calculate the upper limit.

ORA-06524 Unsupported option : string

    Cause: The option specified is an unsupported feature for external procedures.

    Action: Correct the syntax in the external specification.

ORA-06525 Length Mismatch for CHAR or RAW data

    Cause: The length specified in the length variable has an illegal value. This can happen if you have requested a PL/SQL INOUT, OUT or RETURN raw variable to be passed as a RAW with no corresponding length variable. This error can also happen if there is a mismatch in the length value set in the length variable and the length in the ORLVSTR or ORLRAW.

    Action: Correct the external procedure code and set the length variable correctly.

ORA-06526 Unable to load PL/SQL library

    Cause: PL/SQL was unable to instantiate the library referenced by this referenced in the EXTERNAL syntax. This is a serious error and should normally not happen.

    Action: Report this problem to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06527 External procedure SQLLIB error: string

    Cause: An error occurred in SQLLIB during execution of a Pro* external procedure.

    Action: The message text indicates the actual SQLLIB error that occurred.

ORA-06528 Error executing PL/SQL profiler

    Cause: An error occurred during execution of a PL/SQL profiler procedure.

    Action: Check the stacked errors for more details.

ORA-06529 Version mismatch - PL/SQL profiler

    Cause: The PL/SQL profiler package (DBMSPB.SQL, PRVTPBP.PLB) does not match the version of the code in the server implementing the profiler.

    Action: Run the package PROFLOAD.SQL in $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin to load the correct version of the PL/SQL profiler packages.

ORA-06530 Reference to uninitialized composite

    Cause: An object, LOB, or other composite was referenced as a left hand side without having been initialized.

    Action: Initialize the composite with an appropriate constructor or whole-object assignment.

ORA-06531 Reference to uninitialized collection

    Cause: An element or member function of a nested table or VARRAY was referenced (where an initialized collection is needed) without the collection having been initialized.

    Action: Initialize the collection with an appropriate constructor or whole-object assignment.

ORA-06532 Subscript outside of limit

    Cause: A subscript was greater than the limit of a VARRAY or non-positive for a VARRAY or nested table.

    Action: Check the program logic and increase the VARRAY limit if necessary.

ORA-06533 Subscript beyond count

    Cause: An in-limit subscript was greater than the count of a VARRAY or too large for a nested table.

    Action: Check the program logic and explicitly extend if necessary.

ORA-06534 cannot access Serially Reusable package string in the context of a trigger

    Cause: The program attempted to access a Serially Reusable package in the context of a trigger. Such an access is currently unsupported.

    Action: Check the program logic and remove any references to Serially Reusable packages (procedure, function or variable references) which might happen in the context of a trigger.

ORA-06535 statement string in string is NULL or 0 length

    Cause: The program attempted to use a dynamic statement string that was either NULL or 0 length.

    Action: Check the program logic and ensure that the dynamic statement string is properly initialized.

ORA-06536 IN bind variable bound to an OUT position

    Cause: The program attempted to bind an IN bind variable to a statement that was expecting an OUT bind variable at that position.

    Action: Make sure that an OUT or IN OUT bind mode is specified for the bind argument.

ORA-06537 OUT bind variable bound to an IN position

    Cause: The program attempted to bind an OUT bind variable to a statement that was expecting an IN bind variable at that position.

    Action: Make sure that an IN or IN OUT bind mode is specified for the bind argument.

ORA-06538 statement violates string RESTRICT_REFERENCES pragma

    Cause: The program attempted to execute a dynamic statement which does not meet the purity level specified (in the pragma RESTRICT_REFERENCES directive) for the module executing the statement.

    Action: Ensure that the dynamic statement meets the purity level specified for the module executing the statement.

ORA-06539 target of OPEN must be a query

    Cause: The program attempted to perform an OPEN cursor operation on a dynamic statement that was not a query.

    Action: Ensure that the OPEN cursor operation is done on a dynamic query statement.

ORA-06540 PL/SQL: compilation error

    Cause: A PL/SQL compilation error occurred. However, the user generally will not see this error message. Instead, there will be accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

    Action: See accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

ORA-06541 PL/SQL: compilation error - compilation aborted

    Cause: A PL/SQL compilation error occurred and the compilation was aborted; but the compilation unit was written out to the backing store. However, unlike ORA-06545, the user generally will not see this error message. Instead, there will be accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

    Action: See accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

ORA-06544 PL/SQL: internal error, arguments: [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string]

    Cause: A PL/SQL internal error occurred.

    Action: Report as a bug; the first argument is the internal error number.

ORA-06545 PL/SQL: compilation error - compilation aborted

    Cause: A PL/SQL compilation error occurred and the compilation was aborted completely without the compilation unit being written out to the backing store. Unlike ORA-06541, the user will always see this error along with the accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

    Action: See accompanying PLS-nnnnn error messages.

ORA-06546 DDL statement is executed in an illegal context

    Cause: DDL statement is executed dynamically in illegal PL/SQL context.

        * Dynamic OPEN cursor for a DDL in PL/SQL
        * Bind variables used in the USING clause to EXECUTE IMMEDIATE a DDL
        * Define variables used in the INTO clause to EXECUTE IMMEDIATE a DDL

    Action: Use EXECUTE IMMEDIATE without USING and INTO clauses to execute the DDL statement.

ORA-06547 RETURNING clause must be used with INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements

    Cause: EXECUTE IMMEDIATE with a RETURNING clause is used to execute dynamic UPDATE, INSERT, or DELETE statements only.

    Action: Use the RETURNING clause in EXECUTE IMMEDIATE for INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements only. For other statements, use the USING clause instead.

ORA-06548 no more rows needed

    Cause: The caller of a pipelined function does not need more rows to be produced by the pipelined function.

    Action: Catch the NO_DATA_NEEDED exception is an exception handling block.

ORA-06549 PL/SQL: failed to dynamically open shared object (DLL): string

    Cause: One possible cause might be that there are too many DLLs open at the same time.

ORA-06550 line string, column string:string

    Cause: A PL/SQL compilation error has occurred. The numbers given for line and column are the location in the PL/SQL block where the error occurred.

    Action: Refer to the following PL/SQL messages for more information about the error.

ORA-06551 PL/SQL: Unhandled exception

ORA-06552 PL/SQL: string

ORA-06553 PLS-string: string

ORA-06554 package DBMS_STANDARD must be created before using PL/SQL

    Cause: The DBMS-specific extensions to PL/SQL's package STANDARD are in package DBMS_STANDARD. This package must be created before using PL/SQL.

    Action: Create package DBMS_STANDARD. The source for this PL/SQL stored package is provided with the distribution.

ORA-06555 this name is currently reserved for use by user SYS

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a package named STANDARD, DBMS_STANDARD or DEBUG_IO. These are currently reserved for use by user SYS.

    Action: Choose another name for your package.

ORA-06556 the pipe is empty, cannot fulfill the unpack_message request

    Cause: There are no more items in the pipe.

    Action: Check that the sender and receiver agree on the number and types of items placed on the pipe.

ORA-06557 null values are not allowed for any parameters to pipe icd's

    Cause: Internal error from the DBMS_PIPE package.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06558 buffer in dbms_pipe package is full. No more items allowed

    Cause: The pipe buffer size has been exceeded.

    Action: Inspect the program to analyze the rate of input and output to the pipe. You might need to take items out of the pipe by executing RECEIVE_MESSAGE, or empty the entire pipe by executing PURGE on the pipe.

ORA-06559 wrong datatype requested, string, actual datatype is string

    Cause: The sender put different datatype on the pipe than that being requested (package DBMS_PIPE). The numbers are:

        * 6 - number
        * 9 - char
        * 12 - date

    Action: Check that the sender and receiver agree on the number and types of items placed on the pipe.

ORA-06560 pos, string, is negative or larger than the buffer size, string

    Cause: Internal error from the DBMS_PIPE package.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06561 given statement is not supported by package DBMS_SQL

    Cause: An attempt was made to parse an unsupported statement using procedure PARSE provided by package DBMS_SQL.

    Action: Only statements which begin with SELECT, DELETE, INSERT, UPDATE, LOCK, BEGIN, DECLARE, or << (PL/SQL label delimiter) are supported.

ORA-06562 type of out argument must match type of column or bind variable

    Cause: An attempt was made to get the value of a column or a bind variable by calling procedure COLUMN_VALUE or VARIABLE_VALUE of package DBMS_SQL but the type of the given out argument where to place the value is different from the type of the column or bind variable that was previously defined by calling procedure DEFINE_COLUMN (for defining a column) or BIND_VARIABLE (for binding a bind variable) of package DBMS_SQL.

    Action: Pass in an out argument of the correct type when calling procedure COLUMN_VALUE or VARIABLE_VALUE. The right type is the type that was provided when defining the column or binding the bind variable.

ORA-06563 top level procedure/function specified, cannot have subparts

    Cause: The name to be resolved was specified with three parts (a.b.c) but the a.b part resolves to a top level procedure or function (which do not have nested procedures). This can also happen with a two-part name, a.b, where a is a synonym for a top level package or procedure.

    Action: Specify a procedure/function within a package, or a top level procedure/function.

ORA-06564 object string does not exist

    Cause: The named object could not be found. Either it does not exist or you do not have permission to access it.

    Action: Create the object or get permission to access it.

ORA-06565 cannot execute string from within stored procedure

    Cause: The named procedure cannot be executed from within a stored procedure, function or package. This function can only be used from PL/SQL anonymous blocks.

    Action: Remove the procedure from the calling stored procedure.

ORA-06566 invalid number of rows specified

    Cause: An invalid number of rows was specified in a call to the procedure DEFINE_COLUMN in the package DBMS_SQL. For a given parsed statement in a given cursor, all columns must be defined to have the same number of rows, so all the calls to DEFINE_COLUMN must specify the same number of rows.

    Action: Specify a number that matches that for previously defined columns.

ORA-06567 invalid number of values specified

    Cause: An invalid number of values to be bound was specified in a call to the procedure BIND_VARIABLE in the package DBMS_SQL. In order to execute a given parsed statement in a given cursor, the same number of values must have been bound for all bind variables, so when EXECUTE is called, the latest calls to BIND_VARIABLE must have specified the same number of values to be bound for all bind variables.

    Action: Make sure that the same number of values have been bound for all of the bind variables.

ORA-06568 obsolete ICD procedure called

    Cause: An obsolete ICD procedure was called by a PL/SQL program. The PL/SQL program was probably written for an earlier release of RDBMS.

    Action: Make sure that all PL/SQL programs have been upgraded to the latest release of the RDBMS. This can be accomplished by following upgrade instructions in the README file, or by running the CATPROC.SQL script supplied with the RDBMS.

ORA-06569 Collection bound by bind_array contains no elements

    Cause: A collection with zero elements was bound to a bind variable in a call to procedure BIND_ARRAY in the package DBMS_SQL. In order to execute a bind of a collection, the collection must contain at least one element. If no elements are present, at execute time, there will be no value for this bind and the statement is meaningless.

    Action: Fill the collection with the elements you want to bind and try the bind call again.

ORA-06570 shared pool object does not exist, cannot be pinned

    Cause: The specified shared pool shared cursor could not be found, therefore it cannot be pinned.

    Action: Make sure that a correct shared cursor name is given. Names are a string of the form 'HHHHHHHH,SDDDDDDDDDD' where the H's are an 8 digit hex number from the 'address' column of V$SQLAREA, and the D's are a 1 to 10 digit decimal number with an optional leading sign (from the HASH_VALUE column) Remove the procedure from the calling stored procedure.

ORA-06571 Function string does not guarantee not to update database

    Cause: One of the following:

        * A SQL statement references a packaged, PL/SQL function that does not contain a pragma that prevents the database from being updated.
        * A SQL statement references a standalone, PL/SQL function that contains an instruction to update the database.

    Action: If the referenced function is a packaged, PL/SQL function, re-create the PL/SQL function with the required pragma; be certain to include the 'Write No Database State' (WNDS) argument in the argument list of the pragma. If the referenced function is standalone, PL/SQL function, do not use the function.

ORA-06572 Function string has out arguments

    Cause: A SQL statement references either a packaged or standalone PL/SQL function that contains an OUT parameter in its argument list. PL/SQL functions referenced by SQL statements must not contain the OUT parameter.

    Action: Re-create the PL/SQL function without the OUT parameter in the argument list.

ORA-06573 Function string modifies package state, cannot be used here

    Cause: One of the following:

        * A SQL statement references a packaged, PL/SQL function that does not contain a pragma containing the 'Write no Package State' (WNPS).
        * A SQL statement references a standalone, PL/SQL function that modifies a package state. A standalone, PL/SQL function referenced by a SQL statement cannot modify a package state.

    Action: If the function is a packaged, PL/SQL function: Re-create the function and include a pragma containing the 'Write no Package State' (WNPS). If the function is standalone PL/SQL function, delete the function from the SQL statement.

ORA-06574 Function string references package state, cannot execute remotely

    Cause: One of the following:

        * A remote, packaged function or a remote-mapped, local, packaged function that does not contain a pragma with the 'Write no Package State' (WNPS) and 'Read no Package State' (RNPS) arguments references a package state.
        * A remote, standalone function or a remote-mapped, local, standalone function contains a reference to a package state (reads or writes a package variable). Only local functions that are referenced in a SELECT list, VALUES clause of an INSERT statement, or SET clause of an UPDATE statement can modify a package state.

    Action: If the function is a packaged function: Re-create the function and include a pragma containing the 'Write no Package State' (WNPS) and 'Read no Package State' (RNPS) arguments. If the function is a standalone function: Do not call the function.

ORA-06575 Package or function string is in an invalid state

    Cause: A SQL statement references a PL/SQL function that is in an invalid state. Oracle attempted to compile the function, but detected errors.

    Action: Check the SQL statement and the PL/SQL function for syntax errors or incorrectly assigned, or missing, privileges for a referenced object.

ORA-06576 not a valid function or procedure name

    Cause: Could not find a function (if an INTO clause was present) or a procedure (if the statement did not have an INTO clause) to call.

    Action: Change the statement to invoke a function or procedure.

ORA-06577 output parameter not a bind variable

    Cause: The argument corresponding to an IN/OUT or OUT parameter for a function or a procedure or a function return value in a CALL statement must be a bind variable.

    Action: Change the argument to a bind variable.

ORA-06578 output parameter cannot be a duplicate bind

    Cause: The bind variable corresponding to an IN/OUT or OUT parameter for a function or a procedure or a function return value in a CALL statement cannot be a duplicate bind variable.

    Action: Change the bind variable to be unique.

ORA-06580 Hash Join ran out of memory while keeping large rows in memory

    Cause: Hash Join reserves 3 slots (each slot size = DB_BLOCK_SIZE * HASH_MULTIBLOCK_IO_COUNT) for a row. If a row is larger than that, this error will be raised.

    Action: Increase HASH_MULTIBLOCK_IO_COUNT so that each joined row fits in a slot. HASH_AREA_SIZE may also need to be increased.

ORA-06592 CASE not found while executing CASE statement

    Cause: A CASE statement must either list all possible cases or have an else clause.

    Action: Add all missing cases or an ELSE clause.

ORA-06593 string is not supported with natively compiled PL/SQL modules

    Cause: The specified feature is not yet supported for natively compiled PL/SQL modules.

    Action: Recompile the relevant PL/SQL modules in non-native mode by setting the PLSQL_COMPILER_FLAGS parameter to INTERPRETED.

ORA-06600 LU6.2 Driver: SNA software is not loaded

    Cause: The SNA software is not running.

    Action: Start the SNA software and try again.

ORA-06601 LU6.2 Driver: Invalid database ID string

    Cause: The database string in the connect was invalid.

    Action: Provide a valid database string, as defined in documentation.

ORA-06602 LU6.2 Driver: Error allocating context area

    Cause: Context area failure.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06603 LU6.2 Driver: Error allocating memory

    Cause: Operating system refused request for memory.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06604 LU6.2 Driver: Unable to allocate session with remote LU

    Cause: Allocate system call failed.

    Action: Ensure that the SNA software is running and that sessions are free. If this is the case, then check your SNA configuration data for errors. You may have entered an incorrect parameter.

ORA-06605 LU6.2 Driver: Unexpected line turnaround

    Cause: SNA software switched from send to receive unexpectedly.

    Action: Check the SNA configuration data, particularly parameters associated with a session.

ORA-06606 LU6.2 Driver: Unexpected response from SNA

    Cause: A parameter in an SNA call returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Attempt to reproduce problem, debug and record the value of the 'what' data parameter at the time of error. Then contact your service representative.

ORA-06607 LU6.2 Driver: Reset occurred in send state

    Cause: A reset was issued while in send state.

    Action: Check the SNA LOG data, if relevant, for further information.

ORA-06608 LU6.2 Driver: Reset occurred in receive state

    Cause: A reset was received from the partner while in receive state. This may be because the partner deallocated.

    Action: Check the SNA LOG data, if relevant, for further information.

ORA-06610 LU6.2 Driver: Failed during deallocation

    Cause: LU6.2 driver was unable to deallocate gracefully.

    Action: Check the reason for deallocation. Consult the SNA LOG data.

ORA-06611 LU6.2 Driver: Request to send error

ORA-06612 LU6.2 Driver: Send data error

ORA-06613 LU6.2 Driver: Receive and wait error

ORA-06614 LU6.2 Driver: Receive Immediate error

ORA-06615 LU6.2 Driver: Send error

ORA-06616 LU6.2 Driver: Attach to LU failed

    Cause: The SQL*Net LU6.2 driver was unable to attach to the LU specified in the connect string, or was unable to attach to the default LU.

    Action: Check that the LU name specified in the connect string, or the default LU name if no LU was specified, is correctly configured and operational.

ORA-06617 LU6.2 Driver: Attach to PU failed

ORA-06618 LU6.2 Driver: Activation of subnetwork failed

ORA-06619 LU6.2 Driver: Unable to activate remote partner

ORA-06620 LU6.2 Driver: Invalid remote partner

ORA-06621 LU6.2 Driver: Allocation error

ORA-06622 LU6.2 Driver: Unable to attach to SNA

    Cause: The SQL*Net LU6.2 driver could not attach to the SNA software on your machine. The most likely cause is that the SNA software is not operational.

    Action: Check the status of the SNA software, ensure that it is operational and then try again.

ORA-06700 TLI Driver: incorrect message type from host

    Cause: TLI received a message with an unrecognizable message type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06701 TLI Driver: incorrect number of bytes written

    Cause: TLI sent a message that was apparently successful, but the number of bytes transmitted did not match the number of bytes supplied to the driver.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06702 TLI Driver: cannot allocate context area

    Cause: TLI could not allocate heap space for the context area.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06703 TLI Driver: send break message failed

    Cause: TLI failed to send a break message across the connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06704 TLI Driver: receive break message failed

    Cause: TLI failed to receive an expected break message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06705 TLI Driver: remote node is unknown

    Cause: TLI could not find your remote host information.

    Action: Make sure you specified the host name correctly on the command line. (Also, check your capitalization and spelling.)

ORA-06706 TLI Driver: service not found

    Cause: TLI could not find service information for the specified service name.

    Action: If you specified the service name on the command line or with the environment variable TLI_SERVER, make sure you specified it correctly. If the service name is not in the SERVICES file for your protocol, ask your system administrator to add it.

ORA-06707 TLI Driver: connection failed

    Cause: TLI failed to establish the connection to a SQL*Net TCP/IP server due to an error encountered by the remote server, which has supplied a string describing the remote error.

    Action: See the SQL*Net TCP/IP User's Guide or the Oracle9i Net Services Administrator's Guide for the specific cause and action.

ORA-06708 TLI Driver: message receive failure

    Cause: TLI encountered an error receiving a message from the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06709 TLI Driver: message send failure

    Cause: TLI encountered an error sending a message across the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06710 TLI Driver: send interrupt break message failed

    Cause: TLI failed to send a break message while handling an interrupt signal from the user.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06711 TLI Driver: error on bind

    Cause: TLI failed to assign a network address to the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06712 TLI Driver: error on accept

    Cause: TLI failed to accept a connection request from the client.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06713 TLI Driver: error on connect

    Cause: TLI failed to connect the client to the remote server. The network line to the remote host may be down.

    Action: Use other network login programs to make sure that the remote host is accessible.

ORA-06720 TLI Driver: SID lookup failure

    Cause: The database SID supplied in the database login string was not recognized by the remote host.

    Action: Ask your system administrator to add the appropriate SID entry to ORATAB on the remote host.

ORA-06721 TLI Driver: spurious client req

    Cause: The remote TLI server received an undefined request.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06722 TLI Driver: connection setup failure

    Cause: The remote TLI server rejected the connection request, and the client was unable to retrieve an error code or message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06730 TLI Driver: unable to open clone device

    Cause: TLI failed to open the Streams clone device associated with the transport provider.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06731 TLI Driver: cannot alloc t_call

    Cause: TLI cannot allocate space for the client's connection information.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06732 TLI Driver: cannot alloc t_discon

    Cause: TLI cannot allocate space for the client's disconnection information.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06733 TLI Driver: failed to receive disconnect

    Cause: TLI failed to receive an expected disconnection message during connection release.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06734 TLI Driver: cannot connect

    Cause: TLI failed to connect the client to the remote server.

    Action: Check that the remote TLI server is running.

ORA-06735 TLI Driver: client failed to close error conn

    Cause: TLI failed to properly close a connection after an error was received.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06736 TLI Driver: server not running

    Cause: TLI timed out while attempting to connect to the remote TLI server.

    Action: Check that the remote TLI server is running with the status utility for the transport provider you are using. If it is not, ask your system administrator to start it.

ORA-06737 TLI Driver: connection failed

    Cause: TLI could not establish a connection to the remote TLI server.

    Action: Check that the remote TLI server is running with the status utility for the transport provider you are using.

ORA-06741 TLI Driver: unable to open protocol device

    Cause: The TLI server failed to open the Streams device associated with the transport provider.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06742 TLI Driver: cannot alloc t_bind

    Cause: The TLI server cannot allocate space for its requested network address.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06743 TLI Driver: cannot alloc t_bind

    Cause: The TLI server cannot allocate space for its actual network address.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06744 TLI Driver: listener cannot bind

    Cause: The TLI server failed to assign the correct network address on which to listen for connections.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06745 TLI Driver: listener already running

    Cause: The network address on which the TLI server awaits connection requests is in use, possibly because the server is already running.

    Action: Ensure that the TLI server is not already running. If it is not running and this error message recurs, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06746 TLI Driver: cannot alloc t_call

    Cause: TLI cannot allocate space for the TLI server's connection information.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06747 TLI Driver: error in listen

    Cause: The TLI server encountered an error while listening for connection requests.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06748 TLI Driver: cannot allocate t_discon

    Cause: TLI cannot allocate space for the TLI server's disconnection information.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06749 TLI Driver: option not allowed across network

    Cause: The requested TLI server command must be issued from the same host on which the server is running.

    Action: Log in to the remote host and try again.

ORA-06750 TLI Driver: sync failed

    Cause: The Oracle process started by the TLI server was unable to synchronize its inherited connection.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06751 TLI Driver: bound addresses unequal

    Cause: The OSN check server address failed. The bound server address was not the same as the requested binding address.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06752 TLI: error in signal setup

    Cause: A call to SIGACTION() returned with a system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06753 TLI Driver: name-to-address mapping failed

    Cause: For SVR4, the NETDIR_GETBYNAME() call failed for some unknown reason.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06754 TLI Driver: unable to get local host address

    Cause: The name of the remote host to connect to was not specified, and the name of the local host cannot be retrieved from the HOSTS file.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-06755 TLI Driver: cannot close transport endpoint

    Cause: The TLI server was unable to close a connection after passing it to an Oracle process.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06756 TLI Driver: cannot open oratab

    Cause: The TLI server could not open the file used to define the locations of remotely accessible databases.

    Action: Ask your system administrator to check that the file exists and has the correct permissions.

ORA-06757 TLI Driver: server got bad command

    Cause: The TLI server received an invalid command.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06760 TLI Driver: timeout reading orderly release

    Cause: TLI was not able to retrieve an expected disconnect message while closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06761 TLI Driver: error sending orderly release

    Cause: TLI encountered an error sending a disconnect message closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06762 TLI Driver: error reading orderly release

    Cause: TLI encountered an error receiving an expected disconnect message while closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06763 TLI Driver: error sending disconnect

    Cause: TLI encountered an error sending a disconnect message closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06764 TLI Driver: error reading disconnect

    Cause: TLI was not able to retrieve an expected disconnect message while closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06765 TLI Driver: error awaiting orderly release

    Cause: TLI encountered an error awaiting a disconnect message while closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06766 TLI Driver: close failed during release

    Cause: TLI failed to close the communication channel after receiving a disconnect message.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06767 TLI Driver: alloc failed during release

    Cause: TLI cannot allocate space for disconnection information while closing the communication channel.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06770 TLI Driver: error sending version

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while sending its version information during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06771 TLI Driver: error reading version

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected version information during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06772 TLI Driver: error sending command

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while sending a command message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06773 TLI Driver: error reading command

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected command message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06774 TLI Driver: error sending break mode

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while sending break-mode message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06775 TLI Driver: error reading break mode

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected break-mode message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06776 TLI Driver: error sending parms

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while sending the connection parameters during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06777 TLI Driver: error reading parms

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected connection parameter message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06778 TLI Driver: error sending ccode

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while sending the completion status message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06779 TLI Driver: error reading ccode

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected completion status message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06780 TLI Driver: recv error code failed

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting an expected error message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06781 TLI Driver: error reading negotation string

    Cause: TLI encountered an error while awaiting the expected negotiation message during connection establishment.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06790 TLI Driver: poll failed

    Cause: TLI was unable to poll the communication channel for possible incoming messages.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06791 TLI Driver: poll returned error event

    Cause: TLI received an unexpected event while polling the communication channel for possible incoming messages.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06792 TLI Driver: server cannot exec oracle

    Cause: The remote TLI server was unable to start an Oracle process on behalf of the client.

    Action: Note the operating system error message or number and contact your system administrator. The permissions on the remote Oracle program may be set incorrectly.

ORA-06793 TLI Driver: server cannot create new process

    Cause: The remote TLI server was unable to start an Oracle process on behalf of the client.

    Action: Note the operating system error message or number and contact your system administrator. The remote host may be unable to create any new processes due to a full process table.

ORA-06794 TLI Driver: shadow process could not retrieve protocol info

    Cause: The Oracle process either failed to allocate memory to store the protocol information record, or the protocol rejected the request for some unknown reason.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06800 TLI Driver: SQL*Net SPX client went away during reconnect

    Cause: The client process was aborted by the system or the user, and was unable to complete the connection establishment with the server listener process.

    Action: Determine the cause of the client exit, and reattempt the connection.

ORA-06801 TLI Driver: listen for SPX server reconnect failed

    Cause: An unknown event occurred on the client's listening socket.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06802 TLI Driver: could not open the /etc/netware/yellowpages file

    Cause: The /etc/netware/yellowpages file does not exist, or is not readable by the TLI listener process.

    Action: Insure the file exists and is readable. Make sure that the server machine's node name, network number, ethernet address, and listening socket number are encoded in the file.

ORA-06803 TLI Driver: the IPX device file could not be opened

    Cause: The /dev/ipx file does not exist, or the driver has not been installed in the kernel correctly.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06804 TLI Driver: could not bind an IPX address at initialization

    Cause: The IPX driver has not been correctly installed.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06805 TLI Driver: could not send datagram SAP packet for SPX

    Cause: The socket endpoint for sending SAP packet was corrupted for some unknown reason.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06806 TLI Driver: could not complete protocol initialization for SPX

    Cause: A step in the SPX/IPX protocol initialization failed.

    Action: Check the previous error reported, and follow corrective action.

ORA-06807 TLI Driver: could not open ethernet device driver file

    Cause: The file /dev/eth does not exist, or the driver it references could not be opened.

    Action: The system's real ethernet device file, for example /dev/wd, for the Western Digital ethernet driver, should be linked to the file /dev/eth. If this has been done, insure that the ethernet driver has been installed by completing the TCP/IP installation on your system, and testing a connection. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services for a list of supported ethernet drivers.

ORA-06808 TLI Driver: could not link IPX and ethernet streams

    Cause: Either the ethernet driver has not been installed in the system correctly, or the ethernet driver is not supported.

    Action: Insure that the ethernet driver has been installed by completing the TCP/IP installation on your system, and testing a connection. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services for a list of supported ethernet drivers.

ORA-06809 TLI Driver: could not clear the IPX ethernet SAP at init

    Cause: The IPX driver has not been correctly installed.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06810 TLI Driver: could not set the IPX ethernet SAP at init

    Cause: The IPX driver has not been correctly installed.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06811 TLI Driver: could not set the IPX network number at init

    Cause: The IPX driver has not been correctly installed, or the network number encoded in the /etc/netware/yellowpages file is invalid.

    Action: The network number in the yellowpages file should match the four-byte network number of your Novell file server. If this is configured correctly, reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06812 TLI Driver: could not read the ethernet driver's node address

    Cause: The ethernet driver is not installed correctly, or does not support this operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services for a list of supported ethernet drivers.

ORA-06813 TLI Driver: the configured ethernet address is incorrect

    Cause: The node address read from the ethernet driver does not match the value encoded in the /etc/netware/yellowpages file for this server.

    Action: Confirm the correct ethernet node address for your LAN card, and enter this value in the yellowpages file.

ORA-06814 TLI Driver: the SPX device file could not be opened

    Cause: The /dev/nspxd file does not exist, or the driver has not been installed in the kernel correctly.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06815 TLI Driver: could not link SPX and IPX streams

    Cause: The SPX driver has not been correctly installed.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06816 TLI Driver: could not set the SPX SAP address

    Cause: The SPX driver has not been correctly installed.

    Action: Reinvoke the Oracle root installation. If problem continues, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06817 TLI Driver: could not read the Novell network address

    Cause: The file $ORACLE_HOME/spx/address could not be opened for reading and writing.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE_HOME is set, and the permissions on the ORACLE_HOME are read, write. If this file has been unintentionally deleted, run SPXCTL (net option) to reset the configured Novell network number for SQL*Net SPX.

ORA-06900 CMX: cannot read tns directory

    Cause: CMX is not started on your system.

    Action: Install and/or start CMX on your system.

ORA-06901 CMX: no local name assigned to local application

    Cause: Local application ORACMX has no local name assigned.

    Action: Enter unique local name for ORACMX in the TNS directory.

ORA-06902 CMX: cannot attach to cmx subsystem

    Cause: CCP-xxxx is not started.

    Action: Start your CCP software on the communication controller.

ORA-06903 CMX: cannot read transport address of remote application

    Cause: Remote application not entered in TNS directory.

    Action: Enter remote application in TNS directory.

ORA-06904 CMX: no transport address available for remote application

    Cause: No local name assigned to remote application.

    Action: Assign local name to remote application.

ORA-06905 CMX: connect error

    Cause: Remote partner not listening.

    Action: Make sure remote node has CMX installed and running make sure ORACMX is running on remote host.

ORA-06906 CMX: cannot get maximum packet size from CMX

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06907 CMX: error during connect confirmation

    Cause: Remote partner aborted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06908 CMX: error during transfer of ORACLE_SID

    Cause: Remote partner aborted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06909 CMX: error during acknowledge of ORACLE_SID

    Cause: Remote partner aborted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06910 CMX: Cannot start oracle process on remote machine

    Cause: Oracle process not found or wrong mode (should be 4751).

    Action: Change /etc/oratab or set mode to 4751.

ORA-06911 CMX: t_event returns ERROR

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06912 CMX: write error in datarq

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06913 CMX: error during redirection of connection

    Cause: ORACMX has been stopped, or user process has been aborted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06914 CMX: unexepected event during start of oracle

    Cause: Connect sequence out of sync.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06915 CMX: unknown t_event in datarq

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06916 CMX: error in data read (t_datain)

    Cause: Remote partner aborted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06917 CMX: error in data read (too many bytes read)

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06918 CMX: T_NOEVENT during wait for read event

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06919 CMX: error during write request (unknown event)

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06920 CMX: getbrkmsg illegal datatype

    Cause: Received packets are corrupted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06921 CMX: getdatmsg illegal datatype

    Cause: Received packets are corrupted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06922 CMX: bad write length

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06923 CMX: illegal break condition

    Cause: Break handling out of sync.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06924 CMX: wrong break message length

    Cause: Received packets are corrupted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06925 CMX: disconnect during connect request

    Cause: Partner is not responding.

    Action: Make sure partner is up and running and reachable.

ORA-06926 CMX: T_ERROR during read data

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06927 CMX: T_DATAIN received before all data written

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06928 CMX: wrong ORACLE_SID

    Cause: ORACLE_SID is not entered in remote ORATAB.

    Action: Add ORACLE_SID to remote ORATAB.

ORA-06929 CMX: error when sending ORACLE_SID

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06930 CMX: error when checking ORACLE_SID

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06931 CMX: error during read_properties for server

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06932 CMX: error in local name

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06933 CMX: error during attach

    Cause: Internal error in CMX.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06950 No error

    Cause: SQL*Net AppleTalk error codes base. This is not an error.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-06951 Operating system call error

    Cause: AppleTalk API received error in VMS system service.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06952 Remote end of the communication issued a forward-reset packet.

    Cause: Peer program may have aborted.

    Action: Investigate network problems and try again.

ORA-06953 Not enough virtual memory

    Cause: Not enough memory available.

    Action: Check VMS process quotas and/or SYSGEN parameters.

ORA-06954 Illegal file name

    Cause: Erroneous file name.

    Action: Check path name for server output file, or SQL*Net Appletalk Logical names and symbols.

ORA-06955 Number of database servers exceed limit

    Cause: Too many database connections.

    Action: Check ATKSRV_MAXCON parameter in configuration file.

ORA-06956 Failed to get local host name

    Cause: Unable to get Appletalk host name.

    Action: Check Appletalk configuration.

ORA-06957 No SID is currently available

    Cause: Incoming SQL*Net connection specified invalid SID name.

    Action: Specify correct SID in connect string and retry.

ORA-06958 Failed to access configuration file

    Cause: Unable to access CONFIG.ATK.

    Action: Check file protections.

ORA-06959 Buffer I/O quota is too small

    Cause: Buffered I/O quota exceeded.

    Action: Increase BIOLM using AUTHORIZE utility and retry.

ORA-06960 Failed to access log file

    Cause: SQL*Net Appletalk listener could not create log file.

    Action: Check directory path and protections.

ORA-06961 Insufficient privilege for attempted operation

    Cause: You do not have sufficient privileges for the attempted operation.

    Action: Check process privileges and retry.

ORA-06970 X.25 Driver: remote host is unknown

    Cause: Host name specified in the login (connect string) is unknown.

    Action: Check spelling; make sure name is in the X.25 HOST file.

ORA-06971 X.25 Driver: error while receiving data

ORA-06972 X.25 Driver: error while sending data

ORA-06973 X.25 Driver: invalid buffer size

    Cause: The buffer size specified in the login string must be between 5 and 4096.

    Action: Re-submit with valid buffer size.

ORA-06974 X.25 Driver: SID lookup failure

    Cause: From the remote host's SQL*Net X.25 server: the database SID, specified in the login (connect) string, was not recognized.

    Action: Add the appropriate SID entry to the CONFIG.ORA file on the remote host (and restart the SQL*Net X.25 server).

ORA-06975 X.25 Driver: connect to host failed

    Cause: Connection attempt to remote host has failed. Probably means that the SQL*Net X.25 server on the remote host is not up, or the host itself is not up.

    Action: Start the SQL*Net X.25 server process on the remote host.

ORA-06976 X.25 Driver: endpoint creation failure

    Cause: Process open file quota probably exceeded.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-06977 X.25 Driver: X.25 Level 2 failure

    Cause: X.25 level 2 is down. X.25 link is not working.

    Action: Run system checks to verify functioning of X.25 software. Contact your hardware vendor.

ORA-06978 X.25 Driver: Too many callback tries

    Cause: Call back address probably same as called address.

    Action: Verify that the callback address and called address are different.

ORA-06979 X.25 Driver: server cannot start oracle

    Cause: The remote X.25 server was unable to start an Oracle process on behalf of the client.

    Action: Make sure permissions on the remote Oracle program are correctly set. Contact your system administrator.

ORA-07200 slsid: oracle_sid not set.

    Cause: The environment variable $(ORACLE_SID) is not set.

    Action: Set ORACLE_SID environment variable.

ORA-07201 slhom: oracle_home variable not set in environment.

    Cause: $(ORACLE_HOME) environment variable not set.

    Action: Set ORACLE_HOME.

ORA-07202 sltln: invalid parameter to sltln.

    Cause: The SLTLN name translation routine was called with invalid arguments. The input, or output stings were either NULL or 0 length.

    Action: Probable internal Oracle error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07203 sltln: attempt to translate a long environment variable.

    Cause: A string was passed to SLTLN containing a long environment variable. SLTLN accepts environment names of 30 or less characters.

    Action: Shorten environment variable name to less than 30 characters.

ORA-07204 sltln: name translation failed due to lack of output buffer space.

    Cause: The SLTLN routine is given a maximum length buffer to expand the name into. An overflow of this buffer occurred.

    Action: Possible internal error. Check output buffer length stored in sercose[0]. Path names are limited to 255 characters.

ORA-07205 slgtd: time error, unable to obtain time.

    Cause: Time() system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07206 slgtd: gettimeofday error, unable to obtain time.

    Cause: GETTIMEOFDAY() system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07207 sigpidu: process ID string overflows internal buffer.

    Cause: The SIGPIDU routine is given a maximum length buffer to hold process ID string. An overflow of this buffer occurred. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07208 sfwfb: failed to flush dirty buffers to disk.

    Cause: The FSYNC system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07209 sfofi: file size limit was exceeded.

    Cause: The size of the file to be opened exceeded the operating system limit imposed on this process.

    Action: Run OSH to increase the file size limit.

ORA-07210 slcpu: getrusage error, unable to get cpu time.

    Cause: GETRUSAGE system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07211 slgcs: gettimeofday error, unable to get wall clock.

    Cause: GETTIMEOFDAY system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned in the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07212 slcpu: times error, unable to get cpu time.

    Cause: The times system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07213 slgcs: times error, unable to get wall clock.

    Cause: Times system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned in the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07214 slgunm: uname error, unable to get system information.

    Cause: UNAME system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned in the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07215 slsget: getrusage error.

    Cause: GETRUSAGE system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Look for information in the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07216 slghst: gethostname error, unable to get name of current host.

    Cause: GETHOSTNAME system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned in the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07217 sltln: environment variable cannot be evaluated.

    Cause: GETENV call returned a null pointer.

    Action: Set the environment variable and try again.

ORA-07218 slkhst: could not perform host operation

    Cause: UNIX system() call failed.

    Action: Examine system error message.

ORA-07219 slspool: unable to allocate spooler argument buffer.

    Cause: MALLOC failed to allocate space to hold spooler arguments.

    Action: Check additional information returned in the operating system reference manual. The process may have run out of heap space. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07220 slspool: wait error.

    Cause: Wait returned an error, when waiting for spool job to complete. Possible spooler program error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Refer to the operating system reference manual. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07221 slspool: exec error, unable to start spooler program.

    Cause: Exec failed when starting line printer spooler command. Likely that either the default line printer command, or ORACLE_LPPROG, is incorrectly set.

    Action: Verify default line printer command and ORACLE_LPPROG are set correctly. Set ORACLE_LPPROG to working line printer spooler.

ORA-07222 slspool: line printer spooler command exited with an error.

    Cause: The line printer spooler exited with a non-zero return value. This probably indicates an error in spooling file.

    Action: Verify that line printer spooler is up. Verify that ORACLE_LPPROG, and ORACLE_LPARG are set properly. Check exit value returned as additional information.

ORA-07223 slspool: fork error, unable to spawn spool process.

    Cause: Fork system call failed to create additional process. Probable resource limit reached.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Retry operation. Contact system administrator.

ORA-07224 sfnfy: failed to obtain file size limit; errno = string.

    Cause: The ULIMIT system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07225 sldext: translation error, unable to expand file name.

    Cause: Additional information returned is error returned from SLTLN.

    Action: Check additional information.

ORA-07226 rtneco: unable to get terminal mode.

    Cause: The IOCTL call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information for errno. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07227 rtneco: unable to set noecho mode.

    Cause: The IOCTL call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information for errno. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07228 rtecho: unable to restore terminal to echo mode.

    Cause: The IOCTL call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information for errno. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07229 slcpuc: error in getting number of CPUs.

    Cause: Error in MPCNTL system call.

    Action: Examine errno. Contact your system administrator.

ORA-07230 slemcr: fopen error, unable to open error file.

    Cause: FOPEN failed to open file.

    Action: Try to determine which file was not opened. Check that file exists and is accessible.

ORA-07231 slemcc: invalid file handle, seals do not match.

    Cause: Function was called with an invalid argument. The file handle used was not obtained be SLEMCR. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07232 slemcc: fclose error.

    Cause: An error was encountered when closing the file. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact system administrator.

ORA-07233 slemcw: invalid file handle, seals do not match.

    Cause: Function was called with an invalid file handle. File handle was not obtained by SLEMCR. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07234 slemcw: fseek error.

    Cause: Unable to seek to desired position in file. Possible operating system error. Possible internal error.

    Action: Verify that error message file is intact. Try to regenerate error message file. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07235 slemcw: fwrite error.

    Cause: Unable to write item to file. Possible operating system error. Possible permissions problem.

    Action: Retry operation.

ORA-07236 slemop: open error.

    Cause: Unable to open error file. Possible permissions problem.

    Action: Verify permission on error message file. Check additional information for errno.

ORA-07237 slemcl: invalid file handle, seals do not match.

    Cause: Function was called with an invalid file handle. Handle was not obtained by previous call to SLEMOP. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07238 slemcl: close error.

    Cause: Unable to close file. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact system administrator. Check additional information for errno.

ORA-07239 slemrd: invalid file handle, seals do not match.

    Cause: Function was called with invalid file handle. Handle was not obtained by call to SLEMOP. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07240 slemrd: seek error.

    Cause: Unable to seek to desired position in file. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check that error file is still intact. Verify space on device. Contact system administrator. Check additional information for errno.

ORA-07241 slemrd: read error.

    Cause: Unable to read file. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Verify that error file is intact. Regenerate error message file. Contact Oracle Support Services. Check additional information for errno.

ORA-07242 slembfn: translation error, unable to translate error file name.

    Cause: Additional information indicates error returned from SLTLN.

    Action: Check additional information.

ORA-07243 supplied buffer not big enough to hold entire line

    Cause: The supplied buffer was not big enough. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services. Additional information indicates how big the supplied buffer was.

ORA-07244 ssfccf: create file failed, file size limit reached.

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a file that exceeds the process's file size limit.

    Action: Run OSH to raise the file size limit.

ORA-07245 sfccf: unable to lseek and write the last block.

    Cause: An attempt was made to move and write to a bad device address.

    Action: Check errno. Possible lack of space on device.

ORA-07246 sfofi: open error, unable to open database file.

    Cause: SFOFI returns an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07247 sfrfb: read error, unable to read requested block from database file.

    Cause: SFRFB returns an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07248 sfwfb: write error, unable to write database block.

    Cause: SFWFB returns an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07249 slsget: open error, unable to open /proc/pid.

    Cause: OPEN() returns an error.

    Action: Check that /proc has the right permissions.

ORA-07250 spcre: semget error, unable to get first semaphore set.

    Cause: An error occurred when trying to get first semaphore set.

    Action: Check errno. Verify that system is configured to have semaphores. Verify that enough semaphores are available. Additional information indicates how many semaphores were requested.

ORA-07251 spcre: semget error, could not allocate any semaphores.

    Cause: SEMGET failed to even allocate a single semaphore. Either they are all in use or the system is not configured to have any semaphores.

    Action: Check to see if all semaphores are in use. Check to see if system is configured to have semaphores. Check errno.

ORA-07252 spcre: semget error, could not allocate semaphores.

    Cause: SEMGET system call returned an error. Possible resource limit problem.

    Action: Check errno. Verify that enough semaphores are available in system. If additional errors occur in destroying the semaphore sets then sercose[0] will be non-zero. If this occurs, remove the semaphore sets using IPCRM.

ORA-07253 spdes: semctl error, unable to destroy semaphore set.

    Cause: SEMCTL system call returned an error.

    Action: Check semaphore sets. May require manual cleanup. Check additional information returned. Consult operating system reference manual.

ORA-07254 spdcr: translation error while expanding ?/bin/oracle.

    Cause: An error occurred while translating the name of the Oracle executable.

    Action: Check sercose[0] for error returned from SLTLN. Perhaps $(ORACLE_HOME) is not set correctly.

ORA-07255 spini: cannot set up signal handler.

    Cause: System failed to set up signal handler.

    Action: Check errno and sercose[0] for the signal number that failed.

ORA-07256 sptrap: cannot set up signal handler to catch exceptions.

    Cause: System failed to set up signal handler to catch exceptions.

    Action: Check errno and sercose[0] for the signal number that failed.

ORA-07257 spdcr: translation error expanding program name.

    Cause: Error occurred when expanding program name ora_PNAME_@. The result of this translation is put in argv[0] of Oracle process.

    Action: Check error returned by SLTLN returned in sercose[0].

ORA-07258 spdcr: fork error, unable to create process.

    Cause: An error occurred when creating a new process.

    Action: Check errno. Perhaps a system limit on the number of processes has been exceeded.

ORA-07259 spdcr: exec error, detached process failed in startup.

    Cause: An Oracle detached process died shortly after startup. Wait() indicated that a child process terminated.

    Action: Check ?/dbs directory for trace or core files. Check errno.

ORA-07260 spdcr: wait error.

    Cause: Wait system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-07261 spdde: kill error, unable to send signal to process.

    Cause: Kill system call returned an error. Possibly an attempt to destroy an already gone process.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-07262 sptpa: sptpa called with invalid process id.

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07263 sptpa: kill error.

    Cause: Kill system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check errno. Additional information indicates the process ID tested.

ORA-07264 spwat: semop error, unable to decrement semaphore.

    Cause: SEMOP system call returned an error. Semaphore set may not exist.

    Action: Check errno. Semaphore ID is returned in sercose[0]. Verify semaphore set exists. A possible cause for this error is that a SHUTDOWN ABORT was done while this process was running.

ORA-07265 sppst: semop error, unable to increment semaphore.

    Cause: SEMOP system call returned an error. Semaphore set may not exist.

    Action: Check errno. Semaphore ID is returned in sercose[0]. Check semaphore set existence. A possible cause for this error is that a SHUTDOWN ABORT was done while this process was running.

ORA-07266 sppst: invalid process number passed to sppst.

    Cause: Function was passed an invalid Oracle process ID. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07267 spwat: invalid process number.

    Cause: Function was passed an invalid Oracle process ID. This is an internal error.

    Action: Additional information indicates the invalid process ID. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07268 szguns: getpwuid error.

    Cause: GETPWUID() could not find an entry in the passwd file for a user.

    Action: Add an entry for the user in the passwd file.

ORA-07269 spdcr: detached process died after exec.

    Cause: Detached process successfully executed, but died shortly thereafter. Additional information indicates exit code, and termination status.

    Action: Check termination code for information as to why process exited. Check for core dump or trace file.

ORA-07270 spalck: setitimer error, unable to set interval timer.

    Cause: An error occurred while trying to set an interval timer. Probable porting problem.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-07271 spwat: invalid oracle process number.

    Cause: Function was called with an invalid Oracle process number (0).

    Action: Internal Oracle error.

ORA-07272 spwat: invalid semaphore set id.

    Cause: Semaphore ID fetched from SGA was not initialized to valid value. Additional information returned is semaphore set index, and Oracle process number. This is an internal error.

    Action: Check semaphore set index. Check Oracle process number.

ORA-07273 sppst: invalid semaphore id.

    Cause: Semaphore ID fetched from SGA contained an invalid value. Additional information returned is semaphore set index, and Oracle process number. This is an internal error.

    Action: Check semaphore set index. Check Oracle process number.

ORA-07274 spdcr: access error, access to oracle denied.

    Cause: Unable to access Oracle program. Verify ?/bin/oracle or $ORABCKPRG exist, and are executable.

    Action: Check errno returned.

ORA-07275 unable to send signal to process

    Cause: The kill system call returned an error. Possibly an attempt to signal a process which does not exist.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-07276 no dba group in /etc/group.

    Cause: A group has not been set up for dba users.

    Action: Contact system administrator. Set up dba group in /ETC/GROUP.

ORA-07277 spdde: illegal pid passed as argument.

    Cause: A 0 PID was passed to SPDDE. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07278 splon: ops$username exceeds buffer length.

    Cause: SPLON constructed an OPS$USERNAME logon which exceeded the allocated buffer space.

    Action: Use a shorter UNIX username, or use an Oracle username. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07279 spcre: semget error, unable to get first semaphore set.

    Cause: An error occurred when trying to get first semaphore set.

    Action: Check errno. Verify that system is configured to have semaphores. Verify that enough semaphores are available. Additional information indicates how many semaphores were requested.

ORA-07280 slsget: unable to get process information.

    Cause: The IOCTL call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information for errno. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07281 slsget: times error, unable to get cpu time.

    Cause: Times system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07282 sksaprd: string overflow.

    Cause: The internal buffer is not big enough to hold the archive control string.

    Action: Internal restriction. Try a shorter archive control string.

ORA-07283 sksaprd: invalid volume size for archive destination.

    Cause: An invalid volume size was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid volume size in archive control string.

ORA-07284 sksaprd: volume size specification not terminated properly.

    Cause: Some non-numeric text follows the volume size specification.

    Action: Enter a correct archive control string.

ORA-07285 sksaprd: volume size should not be specified for a disk file.

    Cause: Volume size was specified for a disk file.

    Action: If you are archiving to a disk file, do not specify its volume size.

ORA-07286 sksagdi: cannot obtain device information.

    Cause: STAT on the log archiving device failed.

    Action: Check the returned OSD error for the reason of failure.

ORA-07287 sksagdi: unsupported device for log archiving.

    Cause: Log archiving to this device is unsupported.

    Action: Try log archiving to a supported device.

ORA-07290 sksagdi: specified directory for archiving does not exist.

    Cause: The specified path name is not a directory.

    Action: Verify that the archive destination directory exists.

ORA-07303 ksmcsg: illegal database buffer size.

    Cause: The database buffer size must be a multiple of the database block size, and less than the maximum block size.

    Action: Verify that the DB_BLOCK_SIZE initialization parameter is set properly in your initialization parameter file.

ORA-07304 ksmcsg: illegal redo buffer size.

    Cause: The redo buffer size must be a multiple of machine block size.

    Action: Verify that the LOG_BUFFER initialization parameter is set properly in your initialization parameter file.

ORA-07305 ksmcsg: illegal database buffer size.

    Cause: The database buffer size must be a multiple of the extended cache mapping size for indirect data buffers to be used.

    Action: Verify that the DB_BLOCK_SIZE initialization parameter is set properly in your initialization parameter file, or disable the USE_INDIRECT_DATA_BUFFERS initialization parameter.

ORA-07324 smpall: malloc error while allocating pga.

    Cause: MALLOC library routine returned an error.

    Action: Check errno. Possibly out of swap space.

ORA-07327 smpdal: attempt to destroy pga when it was not mapped.

    Cause: SMPDAL was called when the PGA had not been previously created. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07339 spcre: maximum number of semaphore sets exceeded.

    Cause: The internal buffer is not big enough to hold the number of semaphore set identifiers requested.

    Action: Reconfigure operating system to have more semaphores per set.

ORA-07345 The datafile name must not contain the string '..'.

    Cause: The specified datafile name contains '..'.

    Action: Correct the datafile name and retry the operation.

ORA-07390 sftopn: translate error, unable to translate file name.

    Cause: An error occurred while expanding the file name to open. Additional information returns error generated in translation routine.

    Action: Look up additional error code for further information.

ORA-07391 sftopn: fopen error, unable to open text file.

    Cause: FOPEN library routine returned an error.

    Action: Verify existence and permissions.

ORA-07392 sftcls: fclose error, unable to close text file.

    Cause: FCLOSE library routine returned an error.

    Action: Possible internal Oracle error.

ORA-07393 unable to delete text file

    Cause: An error occurred while deleting a text file.

    Action: Verify that the file exists and check additional errors.

ORA-07394 unable to append string to text file

    Cause: An error occurred while performing a string put operation.

    Action: This is an internal error. Check additional information.

ORA-07400 slemtr: translated name for the message file is too long.

    Cause: The name for the message file overflows internal buffer.

    Action: Try making the complete path-name of the message file shorter by reorganizing the directory hierarchy.

ORA-07401 sptrap: cannot restore user exception handlers.

    Cause: The system failed to restore user exception handlers.

    Action: Check errno and sercose[0] for the signal number that failed.

ORA-07402 sprst: cannot restore user signal handler.

    Cause: The system failed to restore user signal handlers.

    Action: Check errno and sercose[0] for the signal number that failed.

ORA-07403 sfanfy: db_writers parameter not valid.

    Cause: The DB_WRITERS initialization parameter in your initialization parameter file exceeds the system-dependent maximum or is less than 0.

    Action: Change the DB_WRITERS initialization parameter in your initialization parameter file.

ORA-07404 sfareq: Timeout occurred waiting for request to complete.

    Cause: The master database writer timed out waiting for a write or close to complete. One of the database writers may have stopped running.

    Action: Check all database writer trace files. Shut down the database and try to warm start.

ORA-07406 slbtpd: invalid number.

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07407 slbtpd: invalid exponent.

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07408 slbtpd: overflow while converting to packed decimal.

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07409 slpdtb: invalid packed decimal nibble.

    Cause: An impossible request for decimal to binary conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07410 slpdtb: number too large for supplied buffer.

    Cause: An impossible request for decimal to binary conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07411 slgfn: full path name too big for supplied buffer.

    Cause: The supplied buffer is not big enough to hold the full path name.

    Action: The construction of the full path name cannot be performed.

ORA-07412 sfaslv: Error getting entry in asynchronous write array.

    Cause: One of the database writer processes could not locate its entry in the SGA.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07415 slpath: allocation of memory buffer failed.

    Cause: MALLOC() failed to allocate buffer for storing ORACLE_PATH.

    Action: System has run out of heap space. Additional information indicates errno.

ORA-07416 slpath: pathname construction failed; lack of output buffer space.

    Cause: The SLPATH routine is given a maximum length buffer to expand the name into. An overflow of this buffer occurred. This may be an internal error.

    Action: Check output buffer length stored in sercose[0] and constructed path name length in sercose[1].

ORA-07417 sfareq: One or more database writers not active.

    Cause: One or more of the database writer processes is no longer running.

    Action: Check the trace files for the database writers. Shut down the database and try to warm start.

ORA-07418 sfareq: Database writer got error in timing function.

    Cause: An error occurred when the database writer called the system timing function.

    Action: Check the database writer trace file. Shut down the database and try to warm start.

ORA-07419 sfareq: Database writer got error in timing function.

    Cause: An error occurred when the database writer called the system timing function.

    Action: Check the database writer trace file. Shut down the database and try to warm start.

ORA-07425 sdpri: error string in translating dump file location.

    Cause: An Oracle error occurred when translating the location of the dump file.

    Action: Check the Oracle error code.

ORA-07426 spstp: cannot obtain the location of dbs directory.

    Cause: An Oracle error occurred when translating the location of the DBS directory.

    Action: Check additional information for the error returned from SLTLN.

ORA-07427 spstp: cannot change directory to dbs.

    Cause: CHDIR system call returned an error. Possible permission problems.

    Action: Check additional information for the operating system error code.

ORA-07431 fork failed

    Cause: The server process was unable to fork a child process.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-07432 unable to perform nested sleep

    Cause: An attempt was made to make a process sleep when it was already sleeping. This platform does not support this capability.

    Action: Try the SLEEP command when the process is not sleeping.

ORA-07440 WMON process terminated with error

    Cause: The wakeup monitor process died.

    Action: Warm start instance.

ORA-07441 function address must be aligned on string byte boundary

    Cause: An improperly aligned function address was specified.

    Action: Use a properly aligned function address.

ORA-07442 function address must be in the range string to string

    Cause: An invalid function address was specified.

    Action: Use a valid function address.

ORA-07443 function string not found

    Cause: An invalid function name was specified.

    Action: Use a valid function name.

ORA-07444 function address string is not readable

    Cause: An invalid function name/address was specified.

    Action: Use a valid function name/address.

ORA-07445 exception encountered: core dump [string] [string] [string] [string] [string] [string]

    Cause: An operating system exception occurred which should result in the creation of a core file. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07446 sdnfy: bad value 'string' for parameter string.

    Cause: The directory specified as the value for the stated parameter could not be used.

    Action: Make sure the directory you have specified is a valid directory/file specification.

ORA-07447 ssarena: usinit failed.

    Cause: Oracle failed to create a shared arena file.

    Action: Use SERCERRNO field to determine cause of failure.

ORA-07448 ssarena: maximum number of shared arenas exceeded.

    Cause: Oracle attempted to create more shared arena files than permitted.

    Action: Raise the value for MAX_ARENA in INIT.ORA.

ORA-07449 sc: usnewlock failed.

    Cause: Oracle failed to acquire a shared arena lock.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO to determine the cause of failure.

ORA-07451 slskstat: unable to obtain load information.

    Cause: KSTAT library returned an error. Possible operating system failure.

    Action: Check result code in sercose[0] for more information.

ORA-07452 specified resource manager plan does not exist in the data dictionary

    Cause: User tried to load a resource manager plan that does not exist.

    Action: Use a resource manager plan that exists in the data dictionary.

ORA-07453 requested resource manager plan schema does not contain OTHER_GROUPS

    Cause: User tried to load a resource manager plan schema that does not contain the OTHER_GROUPS group.

    Action: Use a resource manager plan schema that contains the OTHER_GROUPS group.

ORA-07454 queue timeout, string second(s), exceeded

    Cause: User session queued for longer than maximum specified queue duration time for consumer group.

    Action: Re-submit the job at a later time or increase queue timeout.

ORA-07455 estimated execution time (string secs), exceeds limit (string secs)

    Cause: User attempted to execute an operation whose estimated execution time exceeds the limit specified for the consumer group.

    Action: Execute job on behalf of another group, or increase the limit.

ORA-07456 cannot set RESOURCE_MANAGER_PLAN when database is closed

    Cause: An attempt was made to turn on the Resource Manager when the database was closed.

    Action: Open the database and try again.

ORA-07468 spwat: mset error, unable to set semaphore.

    Cause: The MSET routine returned an error. Semaphore may not exist.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Semaphore number returned in sercose[0].

ORA-07469 sppst: mclear error, unable to clear semaphore.

    Cause: The MCLEAR routine returned an error. Semaphore may not exist.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Semaphore number returned in sercose[0].

ORA-07470 snclget: cannot get cluster number.

    Cause: The CLUSTER_STATUS system call failed to get status information for the current cluster.

    Action: Check result code in sercose[0]. Possible operating system failure.

ORA-07471 snclrd: name translation error of sgadef.dbf file name.

    Cause: Unable to expand out ?/dbs/sgadef@.dbf file name.

    Action: Verify $(ORACLE_HOME) and $(ORACLE_SID) are properly set. Check error number returned from SLTLN in sercose[0].

ORA-07472 snclrd: open error when opening sgadef.dbf file.

    Cause: Open failed when opening the file ?/dbs/sgadef@.dbf.

    Action: Check errno. Possible permission problem. Verify that the file ?/dbs/sgadef@.dbf exists.

ORA-07473 snclrd: read error when trying to read sgadef.dbf file.

    Cause: Read had an error when reading SGADEF.DBF file.

    Action: Check errno. Verify file exists, and is correct size.

ORA-07474 snclrd: close error, unable to close sgadef.dbf file.

    Cause: An error occurred in close, while closing the file ?/dbs/sgadef@.dbf.

    Action: Check errno. Possible operating system error.

ORA-07475 slsget: cannot get vm statistics.

    Cause: The VM_STATISTICS system call failed to get virtual memory statistics.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible operating system failure.

ORA-07476 slsget: cannot get mapped memory statistics.

    Cause: The VM_MAPMEM system call failed to get mapped memory statistics.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible operating system failure.

ORA-07477 scgcmn: lock manager not initialized.

    Cause: Lock manager must be initialized before converting locks.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07478 scgcmn: cannot get lock status.

    Cause: LM_STAT_LOCK failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07479 scgcmn: cannot open or convert lock.

    Cause: LM_OPEN or LM_OPEN_CONVERT failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07480 snchmod: cannot change permissions on ?/dbs/sgalm.dbf.

    Cause: When creating an instance, SNLMINI could not change the permissions on ?/dbs/sgalm.dbf.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07481 snlmatt: cannot attach to lock manager instance.

    Cause: LM_ATTACH failed to attach to Lock Manager instance.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07482 snlmini: cannot create lock manager instance.

    Cause: LM_CREATE failed to create Lock Manager instance.

    Action: Check permissions on ?/dbs, and remove ?/dbs/sgalm.dbf if it exists, then retry.

ORA-07483 snlkget: cannot convert(get) lock.

    Cause: LM_CONVERT failed to convert(get) lock.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07484 snlkput: cannot convert(put) lock.

    Cause: LM_CONVERT failed to put lock value.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07485 scg_get_inst: cannot open instance number lock.

    Cause: LM_OPEN failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07486 scg_get_inst: cannot convert(get) instance number lock.

    Cause: LM_CONVERT failed to get lock value.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07487 scg_init_lm: cannot create lock manager instance.

    Cause: LM_CREATE failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07488 scgrcl: lock manager not initialized.

    Cause: Lock manager must be initialized before releasing locks.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07489 scgrcl: cannot get lock status.

    Cause: LM_STAT_LOCK failed during lock release/cancel.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07490 scgrcl: cannot convert lock.

    Cause: LM_CONVERT failed during lock release/cancel.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07491 scgrcl: cannot cancel lock request.

    Cause: LM_CANCEL failed during lock release/cancel.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07492 scgrcl: cannot close lock.

    Cause: LM_CLOSE failed during lock release/cancel.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07493 scgrcl: lock manager error.

    Cause: An error was encountered releasing the lock.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07494 scgcm: unexpected error.

    Cause: Unknown or unexpected error code.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07495 spwat: lm_wait failed.

    Cause: LM_WAIT failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07496 sppst: lm_post failed.

    Cause: LM_POST failed.

    Action: Check result code in SERCERRNO. Possible Lock Manager failure.

ORA-07497 sdpri: cannot create trace file 'string'; errno = string.

    Cause:

       1. The trace file could not be created for writing.
       2. The trace file is a symbolic link.

    Action:

       1. Check if the dump directory exists and whether it is writable.
       2. Remove the symbolic link.


ORA-07498 spstp: Unable to open /dev/resched.

    Cause: The rescheduling driver /dev/resched is not found or is not working properly.

    Action: Check installation of the Oracle rescheduling driver in the AIX kernel.

ORA-07499 spglk: Cannot reschedule.

    Cause: The rescheduling driver /dev/resched is not open. This is an internal error and should not occur.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07500 scglaa: $cantim unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $CANTIM returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07501 scgtoa: $deq unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07502 scgcmn: $enq unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $ENQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07503 scgcmn: $setimr unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $SETIMR returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07504 scgcmn: $hiber unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $HIBER returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07505 scggt: $enq parent lock unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $ENQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07506 scgrl: $deq unexpected return on lockid string

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07507 scgcm: unexpected lock status condition

    Cause: A global locking system service returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message (if any) and refer to VMS documentation, or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07508 scgfal: $deq all unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07509 scgfal: $deq parent lock unexpected return

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07510 scgbrm: $getlki unexpected return on lockid string

    Cause: VMS system service $GETLKI returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07511 sscggtl: $enq unexpected return for master termination lock

    Cause: VMS system service $ENQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07512 sscggtl: $enq unexpected return for client termination lock

    Cause: VMS system service $ENQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07513 sscgctl: $deq unexpected return on cancel of term. lock

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07514 scgcan: $deq unexpected return while canceling lock

    Cause: VMS system service $DEQ returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07534 scginq: $getlki unexpected return on lockid string

    Cause: VMS system service $GETLKI returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07548 sftopn: Maximum number of files already open

    Cause: Too many test files open. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07549 sftopn: $OPEN failure

    Cause: VMS system service $OPEN failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07550 sftopn: $CONNECT failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CONNECT failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07551 sftcls: $CLOSE failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CLOSE failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07552 sftget: $GET failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GET failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07561 szprv: $IDTOASC failure

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07562 sldext: extension must be 3 characters

    Cause: An extension was found but it is of improper length. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07563 sldext: $PARSE failure

    Cause: VMS system service $PARSE failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07564 sldext: wildcard in filename or extension

    Cause: A wildcard was used in the file name.

    Action: Re-enter the file name completely.

ORA-07565 sldext: $SEARCH failure

    Cause: VMS system service $SEARCH failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07568 slspool: $OPEN failure

    Cause: VMS system service $OPEN failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07569 slspool: $CLOSE failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CLOSE failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07570 szrfc: $IDTOASC failure

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07571 szrfc: $FIND_HELD failure

    Cause: VMS system service $FIND_HELD failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07572 szrfc: insufficient rolename buffer space

    Cause: An OS role name was too long.

    Action: Re-define the role name to be of correct length.

ORA-07573 slkhst: could not perform host operation

    Cause: VMS system service LIB$SPAWN failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07574 szrfc: $GETUAI failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETUAI failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07576 sspexst: $GETJPIW failure on process ID string

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07577 no such user in authorization file

    Cause: An attempt was made to set an INTERNAL password (for either DBA or OPER privilege), but the corresponding VMS account (either ORA_sid_DBA or ORA_sid_OPER) has not been created yet.

    Action: Add a VMS account for ORA_sid_DBA and/or ORA_sid_OPER before trying to set a password for them.

ORA-07578 szprv: $FIND_HELD failure

    Cause: VMS system service $FIND_HELD failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07579 spini: $DCLEXH failure

    Cause: VMS system service $DCLEXH failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07580 spstp: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07581 spstp: cannot derive SID from unexpected process name

    Cause: A background process did not have name of correct form.

    Action: If the job name was changed, restore it. Otherwise, this is an internal error; report it to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07582 spstp: ORA_SID has illegal value

    Cause: The ORA_SID must exist and be less than 6 characters.

    Action: Consult the VMS Installation guide for information on setting the SID.

ORA-07584 spdcr: invalid value for ORA_sid_(proc_)PQL$_item

    Cause: A logical name used to set a detached process quota value has an invalid value (probably non-numeric).

    Action: Examine the values of these logical names, correct the one in error, and retry.

ORA-07585 spdcr: $PARSE failure

    Cause: VMS system service $PARSE failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07586 spdcr: $SEARCH failure

    Cause: VMS system service $SEARCH failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07587 spdcr: $CREPRC failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CREPRC failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07588 spdcr: $GETJPIW get image name failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07589 spdde: system ID not set

    Cause: The logical name ORA_SID does not translate to a valid value.

    Action: Check the value of ORA_SID in the process that gets the error, and correct the installation or command procedures that caused ORA_SID to be set incorrectly.

ORA-07590 spdde: $DELPRC failure

    Cause: VMS system service $DELPRC failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07591 spdde: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07592 sspgprv: Error obtaining required privileges

    Cause: While obtaining needed privileges, an error was returned from SYS$SETPRV. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07593 ssprprv: Error release privileges

    Cause: While releasing privileges, an error was returned from SYS$SETPRV. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07594 spiip: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07595 sppid: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07596 sptpa: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07597 spguns: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07598 spwat: $SETIMR failure

    Cause: VMS system service $SETIMR failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07599 spwat: $SCHDWK failure

    Cause: VMS system service $SCHDWK failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07600 slkmnm: $GETSYIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETSYIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07601 spguno: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07602 spgto: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07605 szprv: $ASCTOID failure

    Cause: VMS system service $ASCTOID failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07606 szprv: $CHKPRO failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CHKPRO failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07607 szaud: $SNDOPR failure

    Cause: VMS system service $SNDOPR failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07608 szprv: $GETUAI failure

    Cause: VMS system service $GETUAI failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07609 szprv: $HASH_PASSWORD failure

    Cause: VMS system service $HASH_PASSWORD failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07610 $GETJPIW failed in retrieving the user's MAC priviledges

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07612 $GETUAI failed in retrieving the user's clearance level

    Cause: VMS system service $GETUAI failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07613 $GETJPIW failed in retrieving the user's process label

    Cause: VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07614 $CHANGE_CLASS failed in retrieving the user's process label

    Cause: VMS system service $CHANGE_CLASS failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to SEVMS documentation.

ORA-07615 $CHANGE_CLASS failed in retrieving the specified file label

    Cause: VMS system service $CHANGE_CLASSS failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to SEVMS documentation.

ORA-07616 $CHANGE_CLASS failed in retrieving the specified device label

    Cause: VMS system service $CHANGE_CLASS failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to SEVMS documentation.

ORA-07617 $FORMAT_CLASS failed translating the binary label to a string

    Cause: VMS system service $FORMAT_CLASS failed because the given binary classification was not valid.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to SEVMS documentation.

ORA-07618 $IDTOASC failed translating a secrecy level

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed while looking up the string representation in the rights database of a secrecy level.

    Action: Define the entry in the rights database which the binary label you specified references.

ORA-07619 $IDTOASC failed translating an integrity level

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed while looking up the string representation in the rights database of an integrity level.

    Action: Define the entry in the rights database which the binary label you specified references.

ORA-07620 smscre: illegal database block size

    Cause: An illegal database block size was specified in the parameter file. It must be positive, a multiple of 512, and less than the maximum physical i/o data size.

    Action: Change DB_BLOCK_SIZE in the parameter file to conform to these limits.

ORA-07621 smscre: illegal redo block size

    Cause: An illegal redo log buffer size was specified in the parameter file. It must be positive and a multiple of 512.

    Action: Change LOG_BUFFER in the parameter file to conform to these limits.

ORA-07622 smscre: $CREATE failure

    Cause: While creating the system global area (SGA) backing file, VMS system service $CREATE failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07623 smscre: $CRMPSC failure

    Cause: While creating the system global area (SGA), VMS system service $CRMPSC failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07624 smsdes: $DGBLSC failure

    Cause: While deleting the system global area (SGA), VMS system service $DGBLSC failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07625 smsget: $MGBLSC failure

    Cause: While mapping the system global area (SGA) during logon, VMS system service $MGBLSC failed. The usual reason is that Oracle has not been started up.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation. Start Oracle if it is not already started.

ORA-07626 smsget: sga already mapped

    Cause: An attempt to map the SGA during logon failed because it was already mapped. This is an internal error.

    Action: Exit your program and try again, and report this to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07627 smsfre: $CRETVA failure

    Cause: While unmapping the system global area (SGA) during logoff, VMS system service $CRETVA failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07628 smsfre: sga not mapped

    Cause: An attempt to unmap the SGA during logoff failed because it was not mapped. This is an internal error.

    Action: Exit your program and try again, and report this to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07629 smpall: $EXPREG failure

    Cause: While extending the program global area (PGA), VMS system service $EXPREG failed. This often happens when the virtual memory page count quota is exceeded.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07630 smpdal: $DELTVA failure

    Cause: While deleting the program global area (PGA) during logoff, VMS system service $DELTVA failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07631 smcacx: $EXPREG failure

    Cause: While creating or extending a context area, VMS system service $EXPREG failed. This often happens when the virtual memory page count quota is exceeded.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07632 smsrcx: $DELTVA failure

    Cause: While deleting a context area, VMS system service $DELTVA failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07633 smsdbp: illegal protection value

    Cause: The buffer debug function was called with an illegal value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07634 smsdbp: $CRETVA failure

    Cause: While attempting to set protection in the database buffer debug mechanism, VMS system service $CRETVA failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07635 smsdbp: $SETPRT failure

    Cause: While attempting to set protection in the database buffer debug mechanism, VMS system service $SETPRT failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07636 smsdbp: $MGBLSC failure

    Cause: While attempting to set protection in the database buffer debug mechanism, VMS system service $MGBLSC failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07637 smsdbp: buffer protect option not specified when sga created

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the buffer protect mode when the SGA was not created with buffer protect debug option. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07638 smsget: SGA pad area not large enough for created SGA

    Cause: An attempt was made to map an SGA with software in which the SGA pad area is not large enough.

    Action: Create a smaller SGA, or relink the software with a larger pad.

ORA-07639 smscre: SGA pad area not large enough (string bytes required)

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an SGA with software in which the SGA pad area is not large enough.

    Action: Create a smaller SGA, or relink the software with a larger pad.

ORA-07640 smsget: SGA not yet valid. Initialization in progress

    Cause: An attempt was made to map to the SGA while it was being initialized.

    Action: Wait until initialization is complete, and try again.

ORA-07641 smscre: Unable to use the system pagefile for the SGA

    Cause: The system global area (SGA) backing file could not be allocated using the system pagefile because the system-wide limit on global pages has been exceeded.

    Action: Either increase the VMS system parameter GBLPAGFIL or use a disk file as the SGA backing file.

ORA-07642 smprtset: $CMKRNL failure

    Cause: While attempting to set the protection of a region of memory, an error was returned from the $CMKRNL system service.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07643 smsalo: SMSVAR is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Report this error to Oracle Support Services; provide your initialization parameter file.

ORA-07645 sszfsl: $CHANGE_CLASS failure

    Cause: While attempting to set the label on a file, SEVMS service $CHANGE_CLASS failed.

    Action: Examine the system message and refer to SEVMS system documentation.

ORA-07646 sszfck: $CREATE failure

    Cause: While attempting to create a file, VMS system service $CREATE failed.

    Action: Examine the system message and refer to VMS system documentation.

ORA-07647 sszfck: $OPEN failure

    Cause: While attempting to reopen a file, VMS system service $OPEN failed.

    Action: Examine the system message and refer to VMS system documentation.

ORA-07650 sigunc: $GETJPIW failure

    Cause: While attempting to get the user's terminal device name, user name, user program name, or process name during logon, VMS system service $GETJPIW failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07655 slsprom:$TRNLOG failure

    Cause: While attempting to translate SYS$INPUT during a prompt for a password, VMS system service $TRNLOG failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07656 slsprom:$GETDVI failure

    Cause: While attempting to get device characteristics during a prompt for a password, VMS system service $GETDVI failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07657 slsprom:$ASSIGN failure

    Cause: While prompting for a password, VMS system service $ASSIGN failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07658 slsprom:$QIOW read failure

    Cause: While prompting for a password, VMS system service $QIOW failed.

    Action: Examine the system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07665 ssrexhd: recursive exception encountered string string string string string string

    Cause: A VMS exception occurred while executing in the Oracle exception handler. The message includes the signal number, first and second signal arguments, and exception PC, PSL and R0. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07670 $IDTOASC failed translating a secrecy category

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed while looking up the string representation in the rights database of a secrecy category.

    Action: Define the entry in the rights database which the binary label you specified references.

ORA-07671 $IDTOASC failed translating an integrity category

    Cause: VMS system service $IDTOASC failed while looking up the string representation in the rights database of an integrity category.

    Action: Define the entry in the rights database which the binary label you specified references.

ORA-07672 $PARSE_CLASS failed translating the string into a binary label

    Cause: SEVMS system service $PARSE_CLASS failed because the given string did not represent a valid classification.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to SEVMS documentation.

ORA-07680 sou2os: another call to ORACLE currently executing

    Cause: A call to the Oracle shared image entry point occurred from within the shared image. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07681 sou2os: An error occurred while initializing Oracle

    Cause: While attempting to set up the dispatch vectors for the shared image, an error occurred. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07682 sou2os: set kernel dispatch fail err

    Cause: During Oracle shared image entry, a dispatch to kernel mode failed.

    Action: Make sure that your shared image is installed with the CMKRNL privilege, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07683 sou2os: $SETPRV reset error

    Cause: During an attempt to restore user privileges at Oracle shared image exit, VMS system service $SETPRV failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07684 sou2os: supervisor stack reset error

    Cause: During an attempt to restore the supervisor-mode stack at Oracle shared image exit, VMS system service $SETSTK failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07685 sou2os: supervisor stack set error

    Cause: During an attempt to set the Oracle supervisor-mode stack at Oracle shared image entry, VMS system service $SETSTK failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07700 sksarch: interrupt received

    Cause: An interrupt was received while archiving the logs.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-07701 sksatln: internal exception: output buffer too small

    Cause: Overflow of buffer for parsing archive control text string. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07702 unrecognized device type in archive text

    Cause: Unrecognized device type in archive text. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07703 error in archive text: need '/' after device type

    Cause: The archive control text in the ARCHIVE command is invalid; the device type (to indicate a file or tape) must be followed by a '/'.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i User-Managed Backup and Recovery Guide for the proper syntax of the text.

ORA-07704 error in archive text: need ':' after device name

    Cause: The archive control text in the ARCHIVE command is invalid; the device name must be followed by a ':'.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i User-Managed Backup and Recovery Guide for the proper syntax of the text.

ORA-07705 sksaprs: device name buffer too small

    Cause: The buffer supplied for the device name is too small. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07706 error in archive text: need disk file name

    Cause: The archive control text in the ARCHIVE command is invalid; the disk file name is missing.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i User-Managed Backup and Recovery Guide for the proper syntax of the text.

ORA-07707 error in archive text: need tape label name

    Cause: The archive control text in the ARCHIVE command is invalid; the tape label name is missing.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i User-Managed Backup and Recovery Guide for the proper syntax of the text.

ORA-07708 sksaprs: tape label name buffer too small

    Cause: The buffer supplied for the tape label is too small. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07709 sksaprs: archiving to a remote host is not allowed

    Cause: The user specified a remote disk for archiving via DECnet.

    Action: Archive to a disk on the local host.

ORA-07710 sksaprs: file name buffer too small

    Cause: The buffer supplied for the file name is too small. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07713 sksamtd: could not mount archival device (SYS$MOUNT failure)

    Cause: VMS system service SYS$MOUNT failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07715 sksadtd: could not dismount archival device (SYS$DISMNT failure)

    Cause: VMS system service SYS$DISMNT failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07716 sksachk: invalid device specification for ARCHIVE

    Cause: VMS system service SYS$GETDVI failed".

    Action: Specify a valid device in ARCHIVE control string.

ORA-07717 sksaalo: error allocating memory

    Cause: VMS system service LIB$GET_VM failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07718 sksafre: error freeing memory

    Cause: VMS system service LIB$FREE_VM failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07721 scgcm: not enough OS resource to obtain system enqueue

    Cause: A call to SYS$ENQ returned an error indicating that the operating system lacked the resources necessary to create a lock. This is caused by the messages SS$_EXENQLM or SS$_INSFMEM.

    Action: Free up some of the required resource to allow the creation of the required lock.

ORA-07740 slemop: incorrect handle size (programming error)

    Cause: Structures used for reading error message files do not match. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07741 slemop: $OPEN failure

    Cause: VMS system service $OPEN failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07742 slemop: $CONNECT failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CONNECT failed.

    Action: Examine system error message and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07743 slemop: incorrect error file attributes

    Cause: An error message file is of incorrect format.

    Action: Unless an error file has been changed, report this to Oracle.

ORA-07744 slemcl: invalid error message file handle

    Cause: Seal in passed in handle does not match correct value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07745 slemcl: $CLOSE failure

    Cause: VMS system service $CLOSE failed.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07746 slemrd: invalid error message file handle

    Cause: seal in passed in handle does not match correct value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07747 slemrd: $READ failure

    Cause: VMS system service $READ failed.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07750 slemcr: fopen failure

    Cause: An attempt to create a message file failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07751 slemcr: malloc failure

    Cause: An attempt to allocate a cache for a newly-created message file failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07753 slemcf: fseek before write failure

    Cause: An attempt to seek before writing a message file cache element failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07754 slemcf: fwrite failure

    Cause: An attempt to write a message file cache element failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07755 slemcf: fseek before read failure

    Cause: An attempt to seek before reading a message file cache element failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07756 slemcf: fread failure

    Cause: An attempt to read a message file cache element failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07757 slemcc: invalid handle

    Cause: The seal in a passed-in handle does not match correct value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07758 slemcw: invalid handle

    Cause: The seal in a passed-in handle does not match correct value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07759 slemtr: invalid destination

    Cause: The destination string provided to the function is too short. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07760 slemtr: $open failure

    Cause: The $open service failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07800 slbtpd: invalid number

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07801 slbtpd: invalid exponent

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07802 slbtpd: overflow while converting to packed decimal

    Cause: An impossible request for binary to decimal conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07803 slpdtb: invalid packed decimal nibble

    Cause: An impossible request for decimal to binary conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07804 slpdtb: number too large for supplied buffer

    Cause: An impossible request for decimal to binary conversion was made.

    Action: This conversion cannot be performed.

ORA-07820 sspscn: SYS$CRELNM failure

    Cause: An error was returned from the SYS$CRELNM function.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07821 sspsdn: SYS$DELLNM failure

    Cause: An error was returned from the SYS$DELLNM function.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07822 sspscm: SYS$CREMBX failure

    Cause: An error was returned from the SYS$CREMBX function while trying to create the process dump mailbox.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07823 sspsqr: $QIO failure

    Cause: An error was returned from $QIO while trying to queue a read to the process dump mailbox.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07824 sspain: $SETIMR failure

    Cause: An error was returned from SYS$SETIMR while trying to queue a process spin-watch timer.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07825 sspsck: $QIO failure at AST level

    Cause: An error was returned from SYS$QIO while trying to read the process dump mailbox.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07826 sspscm: SYS$GETDVIW failure

    Cause: An error was returned from SYS$GETDVIW while trying to get information about the process dump mailbox.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07840 sllfop: LIB$GET_VM failure

    Cause: An error was returned from LIB$GET_VM while attempting to allocate memory for an I/O vector.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07841 sllfop: SYS$OPEN failure

    Cause: An error was returned from SYS$OPEN while attempting to open the datafile for reading.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07842 sllfcl: SYS$CLOSE failure

    Cause: An error was returned from SYS$CLOSE while attempting to close the input datafile.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07843 sllfcl: LIB$FREE_VM failure

    Cause: An error was returned from LIB$FREE_VM while attempting to free the memory for the I/O vector.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07844 sllfop: LIB$GET_VM failure

    Cause: An error was returned from LIB$GET_VM while attempting to allocate memory for data and index buffers.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07845 sllfcl: LIB$FREE_VM failue

    Cause: An error was returned from LIB$FREE_VM while attempting to free memory used by data and index buffers.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07846 sllfop: string byte record too big for string byte user buffer

    Cause: The longest record in the file will not fit into the largest data buffer that can be allocated.

    Action: Modify the RMS file to have smaller records.

ORA-07847 sllfop: $CONNECT failure

    Cause: An error was returned by SYS$CONNECT while attempting to open the datafile.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07848 sllfrb: $GET failure

    Cause: An error was returned by SYS$GET while attempting to read the datafile.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07849 sllfsk: $GET failure

    Cause: An error was returned by SYS$GET while attempting to skip records in the input file.

    Action: Check system error and refer to VMS documentation.

ORA-07850 sllfop: bad option

    Cause: You are using a bad option to loader Fixed= is one legal option. Check documentation for others.

    Action: Check documentation.

ORA-07860 osnsoi: error setting up interrupt handler

    Cause: An error occurred while setting up the control interrupt handler. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-07880 sdopnf: internal error

    Cause: A list of all files open by this process could not be obtained. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08000 maximum number of session sequence lists exceeded

    Cause: The sequence parent state objects for this session are all used. This is an internal error.

    Action: Quit the session and begin a new one.

ORA-08001 maximum number of sequences per session exceeded

    Cause: The limit on the number of sequences usable by session has been hit.

    Action: Increase initialization parameter USER_SEQUENCES to get more.

ORA-08002 sequence string.CURRVAL is not yet defined in this session

    Cause: Sequence CURRVAL has been selected before sequence NEXTVAL.

    Action: Select NEXTVAL from the sequence before selecting CURRVAL.

ORA-08003 sequence string.NEXTVAL exceeds internal limits

    Cause: The sequence was created with unsafe values for some of the parameters. The calculation of NEXTVAL cannot be made because it exceeds the legal representation size.

    Action: Alter or re-create the sequence number with legal limits.

ORA-08004 sequence string.NEXTVAL string stringVALUE and cannot be instantiated

    Cause: Instantiating NEXTVAL would violate one of MAX/MINVALUE.

    Action: Alter the sequence so that a new value can be requested.

ORA-08005 specified row does not exist

    Cause: A row with the given ROWID does not exist in any of the tables given.

    Action: Check the query for misspellings of table names and the ROWID.

ORA-08006 specified row no longer exists

    Cause: The row has been deleted by another user since the operation began.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-08008 another instance is mounted with USE_ROW_ENQUEUES = string

    Cause: The shared instance being started does not have the same value for USE_ROW_ENQUEUES as already running instances.

    Action: Ensure that all instances' INIT.ORA files specify the same value for the parameter USE_ROW_ENQUEUES.

ORA-08100 index is not valid - see trace file for diagnostics

    Cause: Validate Index detected an inconsistency in its argument index.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08101 index key does not exist root dba string, dba string (string)

    Cause: This is an internal error; possible inconsistency in index.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services, along with information on reproducing the error.

ORA-08102 index key not found, obj# string, dba string (string)

    Cause: This is an internal error; possible inconsistency in index.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services, along with information on reproducing the error.

ORA-08103 object no longer exists

    Cause: The object has been deleted by another user since the operation began.

    Action: Remove references to the object.

ORA-08104 this index object string is being online built or rebuilt

    Cause: The index is being created or rebuild or waited for recovering from the online (re)build.

    Action: Wait the online index build or recovery to complete.

ORA-08105 Oracle event to turn off smon cleanup for online index build

    Cause: Set this event only under the supervision of Oracle development.

    Action: Debugging only.

ORA-08106 can not create journal table string.string

    Cause: Online index builder cannot create its journal table.

    Action: Rename your table in conflict.

ORA-08108 may not build or rebuild this type of index online

    Cause: Only support normal index or IOT top-level index.

    Action: Change your index type.

ORA-08109 nosort is not a supported option for online index build

    Cause: May not specify NOSORT for online index build.

    Action: Get rid of NOSORT in the index creation command.

ORA-08110 Oracle event to test SMON cleanup for online index build

    Cause: Oracle Kernel test only.

    Action: Do not set this event (for test only).

ORA-08111 a partitioned index may not be coalesced as a whole

    Cause: User attempted to coalesce a partitioned index using ALTER INDEX COALESCE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Coalesce the index a (sub)partition at a time (using ALTER INDEX MODIFY (sub)PARTITION COALESCE).

ORA-08112 a composite partition may not be coalesced as a whole

    Cause: User attempted to coalesce a composite partition.

    Action: Coalesce the index a subpartition at a time (using ALTER INDEX MODIFY SUBPARTITION COALESCE).

ORA-08113 composite partition index may not be compressed

    Cause: User attempted to compress a composite partition index.

    Action: Create uncompressed composite partition index.

ORA-08114 can not alter a fake index

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a fake index.

    Action: Drop the fake index.

ORA-08115 can not online create/rebuild this index type

    Cause: User attempted to create index type that online does not support.

    Action: Use offline index create/rebuild command.

ORA-08116 can not acquire DML enough lock(S mode) for online index build

    Cause: User attempted to create index online without allowing DML Share lock.

    Action: Allow DML share lock on the base table.

ORA-08117 Index Organized Table operation released its block pin

    Cause: Block maintenance forced the release of a block pin.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08118 Deferred FK constraints cannot be enforced, index too big (string)

    Cause: Deferred Foreign Key constraints cannot be enforced due to the index key being too big and built on a non-default DB_BLOCK_SIZE.

    Action: First try to drop the Foreign Key and then the primary key.

ORA-08119 The new initrans will make the index too big

    Cause: The specified initrans needs additional space to hold the index key, which might make the index too big.

    Action: Try specifying a smaller initrans value.

ORA-08175 discrete transaction restriction violated (string)

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an action that is not currently supported in a discrete transaction.

    Action: Roll back the transaction, and retry it as a normal transaction.

ORA-08176 consistent read failure; rollback data not available

    Cause: Encountered data changed by an operation that does not generate rollback data: create index, direct load or discrete transaction.

    Action: In read/write transactions, retry the intended operation. Read-only transactions must be restarted.

ORA-08177 can't serialize access for this transaction

    Cause: Encountered data changed by an operation that occurred after the start of this serializable transaction.

    Action: In read/write transactions, retry the intended operation or transaction.

ORA-08178 illegal SERIALIZABLE clause specified for user INTERNAL

    Cause: Serializable mode is not supported for user INTERNAL.

    Action: Reconnect as another user and retry the SET TRANSACTION command.

ORA-08179 concurrency check failed

    Cause: Encountered data changed by an operation that occurred after a specific snapshot. This is usually used to indicate that a particular cached copy of a data block is stale. This is used for internal use for now.

    Action: Refresh the cached copy of the data block and retry operation.

ORA-08180 no snapshot found based on specified time

    Cause: Could not match the time to an SCN from the mapping table.

    Action: Try using a larger time.

ORA-08181 specified number is not a valid system change number

    Cause: The supplied scn was beyond the bounds of a valid scn.

    Action: Use a valid scn.

ORA-08182 operation not supported while in Flashback mode

    Cause: User tried to do DML or DDL while in Flashback mode.

    Action: Disable Flashback and re-attempt the operation.

ORA-08183 Flashback cannot be enabled in the middle of a transaction.

    Cause: User tried to do Flashback in the middle of a transaction.

    Action: Issue a COMMIT statement.

ORA-08184 attempting to re-enable Flashback while in Flashback mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to re-enable Flashback while in Flashback mode.

    Action: Disable Flashback before re-enabling Flashback mode.

ORA-08185 Flashback not supported for user SYS.

    Cause: User logged in as SYS.

    Action: Log in as a different user.

ORA-08186 invalid timestamp specified

    Cause: An invalid timestamp was specified.

    Action: Enter a valid timestamp.

ORA-08187 snapshot expression not allowed here

    Cause: A snapshot expression using AS OF was specified when not allowed.

    Action: Do not use the AS OF clause.

ORA-08205 ora_addr: $ORACLE_SID not set in environment

    Cause: The environment variable ORACLE_SID is not set.

    Action: Set the ORACLE_SID environment variable.

ORA-08206 ora_addr: cannot translate address file name

    Cause: Cannot translate $ORACLE_HOME/dbs/sgadef$ORACLE_SID.dbf.

    Action: Ensure that ORACLE_HOME and ORACLE_SID are properly set.

ORA-08207 ora_addr: cannot open address file

    Cause: The address file could not be opened.

    Action: Check that Oracle is up. Check that the file $(ORACLE_HOME)/dbs/sgadef$(ORACLE_SID).dbf exists and has correct permissions.

ORA-08208 ora_addr: cannot read from address file

    Cause: The address file could not be read.

    Action: Check that the file $(ORACLE_HOME)/dbs/sgadef$(ORACLE_SID).dbf exists and contains a single line of text.

ORA-08209 scngrs: SCN not yet initialized

    Cause: The System Commit Number has not yet been initialized.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08210 Requested I/O error

    Cause: Oracle requested that an I/O error be returned for this operation.

    Action: This should not occur in normal Oracle operation. Contact support.

ORA-08230 smscre: failed to allocate SGA

    Cause: The N_CORE system call failed, maybe due to insufficient memory.

    Action: Specify a smaller number of buffers. Check INIT.ORA parameters.

ORA-08231 smscre: unable to attach to SGA

    Cause: The process cannot attach to the SGA. This can happen if either the listener cannot attach, or the process cannot communicate with the listener.

    Action: Verify that the instance is up and running. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08232 smsdes: cannot detach from SGA

    Cause: Probably the listener process has died.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08233 smsdes: cannot unmap SGA

    Cause: The N_CORE system call failed while detaching from the SGA.

    Action: Note NCX error returned; contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08234 smsget: cannot get instance listener address

    Cause: The instance listener address cannot be read from the SGADEF file.

    Action: Verify $(ORACLE_HOME) and $(ORACLE_SID) are set correctly. Additional information gives error return from ORA_ADDR.

ORA-08235 smsget: listener not on this node

    Cause: A process wishing to attach to the SGA is on a different node from its instance's listener.

    Action: Verify $(ORACLE_HOME) and $(ORACLE_SID) are set correctly. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08236 smsget: cannot share subcube with listener

    Cause: The N_SHARE call failed, probably because the listener has died.

    Action: Check if the listener is running, and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08237 smsget: SGA region not yet created

    Cause: An attempt was made to attach to an SGA which has not yet been created.

    Action: Verify that the instance is running. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08238 smsfre: cannot detach from SGA

    Cause: The N_CORE system call failed while detaching from the SGA.

    Action: Check NCX error, and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08260 ora_addr: cannot open nameserver

    Cause: A process could not connect to the name server.

    Action: Make sure the name server is up and running. Additional information gives name server's returned status.

ORA-08261 ora_addr: cannot find name in nameserver

    Cause: The listener name server entry for an instance could not be found.

    Action: Make sure the name server is up and running. Additional information gives name server's returned status.

ORA-08263 ora_addr: cannot free listener address

    Cause: The listener name server entry could not be freed.

    Action: Additional information gives name server's returned status. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08264 ora_addr: cannot close nameserver

    Cause: The connection to the name server could not be closed.

    Action: Additional information gives name server's returned status. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08265 create_ora_addr: cannot open nameserver

    Cause: A process could not connect to the name server.

    Action: Make sure the name server is up and running. Additional information gives name server's returned status.

ORA-08266 create_ora_addr: cannot register name in nameserver

    Cause: The listener's addressing information could not be registered.

    Action: Make sure the name server is up and running. Additional information gives name server's returned status.

ORA-08267 destroy_ora_addr: cannot close nameserver

    Cause: The connection to the name server could not be closed.

    Action: Additional information gives name server's returned status. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08268 create_ora_addr: cannot close nameserver

    Cause: The connection to the name server could not be closed.

    Action: Additional information gives name server's returned status. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08269 destroy_ora_addr: cannot destroy name

    Cause: The listener's addressing information could not be removed.

    Action: Additional information gives name server's returned status. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08270 sksachk: Illegal archival control string

    Cause: Archive files cannot be created with the given archival control string.

    Action: Check that the volume exists.

ORA-08271 sksabln: Buffer size not large enough for archive control string

    Cause: The given archival control string expands into too many characters.

    Action: Reduce archive control string length.

ORA-08274 Out of memory for environment variable

    Cause: There is insufficient memory to return the requested value.

    Action: Reduce memory usage and retry.

ORA-08275 Environment variable unset

    Cause: The requested environment variable is not set.

    Action: Ensure that the variable name requested is correct.

ORA-08276 No room in nameserver for pid

    Cause: There is no room to record the PID for a background process.

    Action: SHUTDOWN ABORT and restart the database.

ORA-08277 Cannot set environment variable

    Cause: There is insufficient memory to expand the environment.

    Action: Reduce memory usage and retry.

ORA-08278 Cannot get CPU statistics

    Cause: Could not retrieve CPU times because N_STAT failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08308 sllfop: Cannot open file

    Cause: Oracle could not open a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08309 sllfop: Cannot fstat file

    Cause: Oracle could not obtain information about an open file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08310 sllfop: Bad value for recsize

    Cause: An illegal value for the record size was specified.

    Action: Specify a value for the RECSIZE option that is greater than 0.

ORA-08311 sllfop: bad value for maxrecsize

    Cause: An illegal value for the maximum record size was specified.

    Action: Specify a value for the MAXRECSIZE option that is greater than 0.

ORA-08312 sllfop: unrecognized processing option

    Cause: An unrecognized processing option was specified.

    Action: Check the Oracle for nCUBE 2 Installation and User's Guide for valid options.

ORA-08313 sllfop: could not allocate buffers

    Cause: Memory for the load buffers could not be allocated.

    Action: Reduce the maximum record size. Eliminate any unnecessary processes on your current node before running SQL*Loader again.

ORA-08314 sllfcf: Error closing file

    Cause: An error occurred trying to close a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08315 sllfrb: Error reading file

    Cause: An error occurred trying to read from a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08316 sllfsk: Error seeking in file.

    Cause: The LSEEK system call returned an error.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08317 sllfsk: Error seeking in file.

    Cause: The LSEEK system call returned an error.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08318 sllfsk: Error reading file

    Cause: An error occurred trying to read from a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08319 sllfsk: Error reading file

    Cause: An error occurred trying to read from a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX errno returned as additional information.

ORA-08320 scnget: Call to scnget before scnset or scnfnd.

    Cause: This is an internal error

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08321 scnmin: NOT IMPLEMENTED YET

    Cause: This is an internal error

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08322 scnmin: open/convert of bias lock failed

    Cause: A call to the LKMGR failed to open and convert the bias lock.

    Action: Check to make sure the LKMGR is up.

ORA-08323 scnmin: close of bias lock failed

    Cause: A call to the LKMGR failed to close the bias lock.

    Action: Check to make sure the LKMGR is up.

ORA-08330 Printing not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to automatically spool a file to the printer.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-08331 Wait operation timed out

    Cause: Oracle timed out waiting for an event.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-08332 rollback segment #string specified not available

    Cause: See ORA-01545.

    Action: See ORA-1545. Also, make sure you have created enough rollback segments for the number of instances you are trying to start.

ORA-08340 This command not allowed on nCUBE, only one thread is ever used.

    Cause: An illegal command was executed for the nCUBE platform.

    Action: There is no need to issue this command.

ORA-08341 On nCUBE, this command can only be executed from instance 1.

    Cause: A command that can only be issued on instance 1 was issued elsewhere.

    Action: Log on to instance 1 and repeat the command.

ORA-08342 sropen: failed to open a redo server connection

    Cause: An error occurred trying to connect to the redo server.

    Action: The operating system-specific error message should tell you what to do.

ORA-08343 srclose: failed to close a redo server connection

    Cause: An error occurred trying to close the redo server connection.

    Action: The operating system-specific error message should tell you what to do.

ORA-08344 srapp: failed to send redo data to the redo server

    Cause: An error occurred trying to send redo to the redo server.

    Action: The operating system-specific error message should tell you what to do.

ORA-08401 invalid compiler name: string

    Cause: An invalid compiler name comp_name was passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine.

    Action: Correct the compiler name parameter in the PL/SQL code that called the conversion routine.

ORA-08412 error encountered in WMSGBSIZ, size for WMSGBLK is not big enough for warning message

    Cause: The WMSGBSIZ is the maximum size for warning message block, it is recommended to be 1024 bytes to 8 kilobytes.

    Action: Defined WMSGBLK of size between 1k to 8k bytes and update the WMSGBSIZ to the sizeof(WMSGBLK).

ORA-08413 invalid compiler type in FORMAT parameter at string

    Cause: An invalid compiler type is defined in format control block. The format control block is invalid.

    Action: Check to be sure that the format parameter was built by MAKE_RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT or MAKE_NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT, and that it was not accidentally overwritten or modified by the PL/SQL procedure.

ORA-08414 error encountered in string

    Cause: The function routine returned an error. Where routine may be:

        * RAW_TO_NUMBER
        * NUMBER_TO_RAW
        * RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT
        * NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT
        * MAKE_NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT
        * MAKE_RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT

    Action: This message will be preceded by messages providing details about the error. Check those messages to determine what action to take.

ORA-08429 raw data has invalid digit in display type data

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contained invalid data. The picture mask parameter specified a digit, but the corresponding input from the raw data did not contain a valid digit.

    Action: Either the input data is incorrect, or the picture mask is incorrect. Correct the appropriate item.

ORA-08430 raw data missing leading sign

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine had no leading sign, but the mask options parameter specified a leading sign.

    Action: Correct the input raw data or the mask options so that they match.

ORA-08431 raw data missing zero as defined in picture

    Cause: The picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contained a zero, but the corresponding input from the raw data was not a zero.

    Action: Either the input data is incorrect, or the picture mask is incorrect. Correct the appropriate item.

ORA-08432 raw data has invalid floating point data

    Cause: The input raw data passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contained invalid floating point data.

    Action: Correct the input raw data.

ORA-08433 invalid picture type in convert raw to number

    Cause: The picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contained non-numeric characters, but the conversion was to a numeric data type.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08434 raw data has invalid trailing sign

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine had no trailing sign, but the mask options parameter specified a trailing sign.

    Action: Correct the input raw data or the mask options so that they match.

ORA-08435 PICTURE MASK missing the leading sign when SIGN IS LEADING specified

    Cause: The input MASK passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine had no leading sign, but the mask options parameter specified a leading sign.

    Action: Correct the input raw data or the mask options so that they match.

ORA-08436 raw data has invalid sign digit

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine had an invalid sign digit in the position where the picture mask specified a sign.

    Action: Correct the input raw data or the picture mask so that they match.

ORA-08437 invalid picture type in picture mask

    Cause: The picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG NUMBER_TO_RAW conversion routine contained non-numeric characters, but the conversion was to a numeric data type.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08440 raw buffer is too short to hold converted data

    Cause: The output raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG NUMBER_TO_RAW conversion routine was not large enough to contain the results of the conversion based on the picture mask.

    Action: Increase the raw buffer size to the size necessary to hold the entire result of the conversion.

ORA-08441 closed parenthesis missing in picture mask

    Cause: A closed parenthesis was missing from the picture mask passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine.

    Action: Correct the picture mask.

ORA-08443 syntax error in BLANK WHEN ZERO clause in mask options

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the BLANK WHEN ZERO clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are:

        * BLANK ZERO
        * BLANK ZEROS
        * BLANK ZEROES
        * BLANK WHEN ZERO
        * BLANK WHEN ZEROS
        * BLANK WHEN ZEROES

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08444 syntax error in JUSTIFIED clause in mask options

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the JUSTIFIED clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are:

        * JUST
        * JUST RIGHT
        * JUSTIFIED
        * JUSTIFIED RIGHT

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08445 syntax error in SIGN clause in mask options

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the SIGN clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are:

        * SIGN LEADING
        * SIGN LEADING SEPARATE
        * SIGN LEADING SEPARATE CHARACTER
        * SIGN TRAILING
        * SIGN TRAILING SEPARATE
        * SIGN TRAILING SEPARATE CHARACTER
        * SIGN IS LEADING
        * SIGN IS LEADING SEPARATE
        * SIGN IS LEADING SEPARATE CHARACTER
        * SIGN IS TRAILING
        * SIGN IS TRAILING SEPARATE
        * SIGN IS TRAILING SEPARATE CHARACTER

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08446 syntax error in SYNCHRONIZED clause in mask options

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the SYNCHRONIZED clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are:

        * SYNC
        * SYNC LEFT
        * SYNC RIGHT
        * SYNCHRONIZED
        * SYNCHRONIZED LEFT
        * SYNCHRONIZED RIGHT

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08447 syntax error in USAGE clause in mask options

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the USAGE clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are:

        * USAGE DISPLAY
        * USAGE COMP
        * USAGE COMP-3
        * USAGE COMP-4
        * USAGE COMPUTATIONAL
        * USAGE COMPUTATIONAL-3
        * USAGE COMPUTATIONAL-4
        * USAGE IS DISPLAY
        * USAGE IS COMP
        * USAGE IS COMP-3
        * USAGE IS COMP-4
        * USAGE IS COMPUTATIONAL
        * USAGE IS COMPUTATIONAL-3
        * USAGE IS COMPUTATIONAL-4

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08448 syntax error in DECIMAL-POINT environment clause

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the DECIMAL-POINT environment clause parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are: DECIMAL-POINT IS COMMA.

    Action: Correct the environment clause parameter.

ORA-08449 invalid numeric symbol found in picture mask

    Cause: An invalid numeric symbol was found in the picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08450 invalid specification of CR in picture mask

    Cause: The CR suffix was incorrectly specified in the picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. The CR suffix can only appear at the end of a picture mask.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08451 invalid specification of DB in picture mask

    Cause: The DB suffix was incorrectly specified in the picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. The DB suffix can only appear at the end of a picture mask.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08452 specification of E in picture mask is unsupported

    Cause: The floating point exponent symbol 'E' was specified in the picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. The floating point data type is currently not supported by the UTL_PG conversion routines.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter, and the data, if necessary.

ORA-08453 more than one V symbol specified in picture mask

    Cause: The picture mask passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine contained more than one decimal point indicator ('V'). Only one decimal point indicator is allowed in the picture mask.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08454 more than one S symbol specified in picture mask

    Cause: The picture mask passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine contained more than one operational sign indicator ('S'). Only one operational sign indicator is allowed in the picture mask.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter.

ORA-08455 syntax error in CURRENCY SIGN environment clause

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the CURRENCY SIGN environment clause parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are: CURRENCY SIGN IS x where x is a valid currency sign.

    Action: Correct the environment clause parameter.

ORA-08456 no sign in picture mask but SIGN clause in mask options

    Cause: The picture mask parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine contained no sign symbol ('S', '+', or '-'), but the mask options parameter contained a SIGN clause. A sign symbol is required in the picture mask parameter when the mask options parameter contains a SIGN clause.

    Action: Correct the picture mask parameter or the mask options parameter.

ORA-08457 syntax error in SEPARATE CHARACTER option of SIGN clause

    Cause: A syntax error was found in the SEPARATE CHARACTER option of the SIGN clause in the mask options parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine. Valid specifications are: SEPARATE, SEPARATE CHARACTER.

    Action: Correct the mask options parameter.

ORA-08458 invalid format parameter

    Cause: The format parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine was invalid. The format parameter should have been built by a prior call to either MAKE_RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT or MAKE_NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT.

    Action: Check to be sure that the format parameter was built by MAKE_RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT or MAKE_NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT, and that it was not accidentally overwritten or modified by the PL/SQL procedure.

ORA-08459 invalid format parameter length

    Cause: The format parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine was not the correct length. Format parameters must be 2048 bytes in length.

    Action: Check to be sure that the format parameter was built by MAKE_RAW_TO_NUMBER_FORMAT or MAKE_NUMBER_TO_RAW_FORMAT, and that it was not accidentally overwritten or modified by the PL/SQL procedure.

ORA-08460 invalid environment clause in environment parameter

    Cause: The environment parameter passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine contained an unsupported or invalid environment clause. Only the CURRENCY SIGN and the DECIMAL-POINT IS COMMA environment clauses are supported.

    Action: Correct the environment parameter.

ORA-08462 raw buffer contains invalid decimal data

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contains invalid decimal data.

    Action: Correct the input data.

ORA-08463 overflow converting decimal number to Oracle number

    Cause: The output variable passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER was not large enough to hold the Oracle number resulting from the input decimal number.

    Action: Be sure that the input decimal number is valid, and be sure that the output variable is large enough to hold the Oracle number value.

ORA-08464 input raw decimal data contains more than 42 digits

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine contained more than 42 digits. This exceeds the maximum size of an Oracle number.

    Action: Correct the raw input buffer.

ORA-08465 input mask contains more than 32 characters

    Cause: The input mask passed to UTL_PG numeric conversion routine contained more the 32 characters.

    Action: Correct the mask input buffer.

ORA-08466 raw buffer length string is too short for string

    Cause: The input raw buffer passed to a UTL_PG RAW_TO_NUMBER conversion routine was less than string bytes long, but the picture mask parameter specified that string bytes of input data were to be converted.

    Action: Either the input data is incorrect, or the picture mask is incorrect. Correct the appropriate item.

ORA-08467 error converting Oracle number to string

    Cause: An error occurred when converting an Oracle number to a COBOL type of: DISPLAY COMP-3 or character variable. The Oracle number was not in the correct format.

    Action: Correct the call to the conversion routine. The input must be a valid Oracle number variable.

ORA-08468 mask option string is not supported

    Cause: The mask option clause was passed to a UTL_PG conversion routine, but is not supported by UTL_PG. The clause can be:

        * USAGE IS POINTER
        * USAGE IS INDEX
        * USAGE IS COMP-1
        * USAGE IS COMP-2 POINTER

    Action: Remove the clause from the mask options parameter in the PL/SQL call to UTL_PG.

ORA-08498 Warning: picture mask 'string' overrides picture mask option 'USAGE IS string' to 'USAGE IS DISPLAY'

    Cause: Picture mask USAGE option was overridden by the picture mask.

    Action: This is an informational message only. The message may be eliminated by changing the USAGE option to match the picture mask.

ORA-08499 Warning: picture mask options 'string' ignored by UTL_PG

    Cause: Picture mask options such as OCCUR, SYNC and others are not processed by the UTL_PG numeric conversion routines.

    Action: This is an informational message only. The message may be eliminated by removing the unnecessary picture mask options from the parameter list passed to the UTL_PG routine.

ORA-09200 sfccf: error creating file

    Cause: Could be out of disk space.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09201 sfcopy: error copying file

    Cause: Block sizes may not match.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09202 sfifi: error identifying file

    Cause: DB_BLOCK_SIZE specified in the INIT.ORA file could be incorrect.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09203 sfofi: error opening file

    Cause: File attributes may have changed.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09204 sfotf: error opening temporary file

    Cause: Incorrect path may have been specified for the file.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09205 sfqio: error reading or writing to disk

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09206 sfrfb: error reading from file

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09207 sfsrd: error reading from file

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09208 sftcls: error closing file

    Cause: File may have been corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09209 sftget: error reading from file

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09210 sftopn: error opening file

    Cause: Incorrect path may have been specified for the file.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09211 sfwfb: error writing to file

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09212 sfwfbmt: error writing to file

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09213 slgfn: error fabricating file name

    Cause: File name may be too long.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09214 sfdone: I/O error detected

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09215 sfqio: error detected in IOCompletionRoutine

    Cause: File may have been truncated or corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09216 sdnfy: bad value 'string' for parameter string

    Cause: The directory specified as the value for the stated parameter could not be used.

    Action: Make sure the directory you have specified is a valid directory/file specification.

ORA-09217 sfsfs: failed to resize file

    Cause: Could be out of disk space.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09218 sfrfs: failed to refresh file size

    Cause: File may be corrupted or truncated.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09240 smpalo: error allocating PGA memory

    Cause: Could be out of memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09241 smsalo: error allocating SGA memory

    Cause: Could be out of memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09242 smscre: error creating SGA

    Cause: An error occurred while creating SGA.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09243 smsget: error attaching to SGA

    Cause: SGA may not have been created (database not started).

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09244 smprset: error setting memory protections

    Cause: An error occurred while setting memory protections.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09245 smcstk: error switching stacks

    Cause: An error occurred while switching stacks.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09246 sfsmap: unable to map SGA

    Cause: Unable to map SGA.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09247 smsdes: error destroying the SGA

    Cause: An error occurred while destroying the SGA.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09260 sigpidu: error obtaining process id

    Cause: May be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09261 spdcr: error creating detached (background) process

    Cause: Could be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09262 spdde: error terminating detached (background) process

    Cause: Could be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09263 spini: error initializing process

    Cause: Could be out of memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09264 sptpa: error flagging process

    Cause: Could be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09265 spwat: error temporarily suspending process

    Cause: Could be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09266 spawn: error starting an Oracle process

    Cause: Could be out memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09270 szalloc: error allocating memory for security

    Cause: Could be out of memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09271 szlon: error verifying user name

    Cause: Username may be too long.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09272 remote os logon is not allowed

    Cause: Remote operating system login attempted when not allowed.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09273 szrfc: error verifying role name

    Cause: An operating system error was returned when verifying the role name.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09274 szrfc: insufficient role name buffer space

    Cause: An OS role name was too long.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09275 CONNECT INTERNAL is not a valid DBA connection

    Cause: CONNECT INTERNAL is no longer supported for DBA connections.

    Action: Please try to connect AS SYSDBA or AS SYSOPER.

ORA-09280 sllfcf: error closing file

    Cause: File may be corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09281 sllfop: error opening file

    Cause: Possibly incorrect path specified to the file.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09282 sllfrb: error reading records

    Cause: File could be corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09283 sllfsk: error skipping records

    Cause: File could be corrupted.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09284 sllfop: cannot allocate read buffer

    Cause: MALLOC() system call returned an error. The system might have run out of heap space.

    Action: Check additional information for the operating system error.

ORA-09285 sllfop: unrecognizable processing option, incorrect format

    Cause: Processing option passed is of incorrect format.

    Action: Consult your IUG for permissible formats.

ORA-09290 sksaalo: error allocating memory for archival

    Cause: Could be out of memory.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09291 sksachk: invalid device specified for archive destination

    Cause: Unable to access directory.

    Action: Specify a valid device in ARCHIVE control string.

ORA-09292 sksabln: unable to build archive file name

    Cause: Bad directory or format specified.

    Action: Specify a valid directory in LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT and a valid format string in LOG_ARCHIVE_FORMAT in the INIT.ORA file.

ORA-09293 sksasmo: unable to send message to console

    Cause: An error was returned while attempting to send a message to the console operator.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09300 osncon: unable to connect, DPMI not available

    Cause: Unable to detect the presence of DPMI.

    Action: Restart Windows and retry.

ORA-09301 osncon: local kernel only supported in standard mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to connect to S: while in enhanced mode.

    Action: Restart Windows in standard mode.

ORA-09310 sclgt: error freeing latch

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09311 slsleep: error temporarily suspending process

    Cause: May be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09312 slspool: error spooling file to printer

    Cause: Could be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09313 slsprom: error prompting user

    Cause: May be out of resources.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09314 sltln: error translating logical name

    Cause: Internal buffer may have overflowed.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09315 sql2tt: two-task error translating ORACLE_EXECUTABLE

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09316 szrpc: unable to verify password for role

    Cause: OS roles may not be supported for this platform.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09317 szprv: insufficient privileges

    Cause: The password specified is invalid.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09318 slkhst: unable to host out to operating system

    Cause: There might not be enough memory for the command or hosting out may not be supported on this platform.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09319 slgtd: unable to obtain the current date and time

    Cause: The system time might be set incorrectly.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09320 szrfc: unable to obtain the list of valid OS roles

    Cause: OS roles may not be supported on this platform.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09321 slzdtb: unable to convert zoned decimal to binary

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09322 slpdtb: unable to convert packed decimal to binary

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09330 Session terminated internally by Oracle or by an Oracle DBA

    Cause: A client workstation that is abnormally disconnected would cause Oracle to terminate that session after about a minute. This message also appears in the trace file if a SHUTDOWN ABORT is performed.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-09340 Specified ORACLE_SID is either invalid or too long

    Cause: ORACLE_SID must be at the most 4 alphanumeric characters.

    Action: Specify an ORACLE_SID with the correct format.

ORA-09341 scumnt: unable to mount database

    Cause: Another instance is currently mounting the database.

    Action: Try again later.

ORA-09342 Detached process terminated by Oracle during shutdown abort

    Cause: The user performed a SHUTDOWN ABORT.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-09344 spsig: error signalling thread

    Cause: This function may not be implemented.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-09350 Windows 32-bit Two-Task driver unable to allocate context area

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09351 Windows 32-bit Two-Task driver unable to allocate shared memory

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09352 Windows 32-bit Two-Task driver unable to spawn new ORACLE task

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09353 Windows 32-bit Two-Task driver unable to open event semaphore

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09354 Windows 32-bit Two-Task driver: ORACLE task unexpectedly died

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09360 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to allocate context area

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09361 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to lock context area

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09362 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to deallocate context area

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09363 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver invalid context area

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09364 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to create hidden window

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09365 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to destroy hidden window

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09366 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to allocate shared memory

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09367 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to deallocate shared memory

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09368 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver unable to spawn ORACLE

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09369 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver bad instance handle

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09370 Windows 3.1 Two-Task driver ORACLE task timed out

    Cause: See OSD error accompanying this message.

    Action: See OSD error accompanying this message.

ORA-09700 sclin: maximum number of latches exceeded

    Cause: Oracle wants to use more latches then available.

    Action: Increase the value of the initialization parameter LATCH_PAGES or decrease the amount of shared memory you are using.

ORA-09701 scnfy: maximum number of processes exceeded

    Cause: The value of the PROCESSES initialization parameter was exceeded.

    Action: Decrease the PROCESSES parameter and restart.

ORA-09702 sem_acquire: cannot acquire latch semaphore

    Cause: The semaphore used for accessing latches could not be seized.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services, along with information on reproducing the error.

ORA-09703 sem_release: cannot release latch semaphore

    Cause: The semaphore used for accessing latches could not be released.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services, along with information on reproducing the error.

ORA-09704 sstascre: ftok error in creating test and set pages.

    Cause: the FTOK() library call failed in SSTASTCRE().

    Action: Verify that TASDEF@.DBF file exists. If it does then this is a possible system failure. Perhaps System V compatibility is not enabled.

ORA-09705 spcre: cannot initialize latch semaphore

    Cause: The semaphore used for accessing latches could not be initialized.

    Action: Send trace file to Oracle Support Services, along with information on reproducing the error.

ORA-09706 slsget: get_process_stats error.

    Cause: GET_PROCESS_STATS system call returned an error. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Check additional information returned. Look for information in operating system reference. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09708 soacon: failed to bind socket to port.

    Cause: The bind system call failed on the socket.

    Action: Check additional information for operating system error. Try connecting again.

ORA-09709 soacon: failed to accept a connection.

    Cause: The accept system call failed on the socket.

    Action: Check additional information for operating system error. Try connecting again.

ORA-09710 soarcv: buffer overflow.

    Cause: The internal buffer is not big enough to hold the message read. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09711 orasrv: archmon already connected.

    Cause: An existing connection has already been made from ARCHMON to ORASRV.

    Action: Stop trying to connect.

ORA-09712 orasrv: log archiver already connected.

    Cause: An existing connection has already been made from log archiver to ORASRV.

    Action: Stop trying to connect.

ORA-09713 Global hardware clock failure caused instance termination.

    Cause: The global hardware clock used to generate the System Change Number for Oracle has failed.

    Action: Check the global hardware clock.

ORA-09714 Two Task interface: cannot obtain puname

    Cause: The TXIPC driver cannot obtain the name of the PU. (Possible operating system error.)

    Action: Check if the PUs are named (consistent).

ORA-09715 orasrv: cannot obtain puname

    Cause: ORASRV cannot obtain the name of the PU (possible operating system error).

    Action: Check if the PUs are named (consistent).

ORA-09716 kslcll: Unable to fix in-flux lamport latch.

    Cause: One Oracle process died while still holding a LAMPORT latch.

    Action: Exit (kill) all Oracle user processes. SHUTDOWN ABORT and restart Oracle RDBMS kernel.

ORA-09717 osnsui: maximum number of user interrupt handlers exceeded.

    Cause: The internal limit on the number of user interrupt handlers has been exceeded.

    Action: Reduce the number of simultaneous logons or reduce the number of user interrupt handlers.

ORA-09718 osnsui: cannot set up user interrupt handler.

    Cause: MALLOC() failed to allocate space to hold user interrupt handler.

    Action: Possible memory resource shortage.

ORA-09719 osncui: invalid handle.

    Cause: The handle passed to OSNCUI is out of the valid range.

    Action: Use a valid handle.

ORA-09740 slsget: cannot get virtual memory region statistics.

    Cause: The VM_REGION system call failed to get virtual memory region statistics.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO. Possible operating system failure.

ORA-09741 spwat: error waiting for a post.

    Cause: MSG_RECEIVE system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO. Port name is returned in sercose[0].

ORA-09742 sppst: error during a post.

    Cause: MSG_SEND system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO. Port name is returned in sercose[0].

ORA-09743 smscre: could not attach shared memory.

    Cause: The MMAP or write system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09744 smsget: mmap returned an error.

    Cause: The MMAP system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09745 smscre: vm_allocate error, unable to create shared memory.

    Cause: Error in system call VM_ALLOCATE. Failed to create SGA as a single shared memory segment.

    Action: Check result code returned in SERCERRNO. Verify that the SGA attach address is valid.

ORA-09746 smscre: shared memory attach address incorrect.

    Cause: The VM_ALLOCATE system call attached the SGA at an incorrect location.

    Action: Verify that the SGA attach address is valid.

ORA-09747 pw_detachPorts: server call pws_detach failed.

    Cause: The call PWS_DETACH to (Oracle helper) failed.

    Action: Make sure the server is still active. Check the error code returned in SERCERRNO, and look for error messages in the server log file.

ORA-09748 pws_look_up: fork failed

    Cause: The PWS_LOOK_UP call could not fork the (Oracle helper) process.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-09749 pws_look_up: port lookup failure

    Cause: The PWS_LOOK_UP could not find a port to (Oracle helper).

    Action: Make sure the (Oracle helper) server has been started correctly by PWS_LOOK_UP, and that the network name server is still running.

ORA-09750 pw_attachPorts: port_rename failed.

    Cause: The PORT_RENAME system call failed; possible internal error.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO, report to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09751 pw_attachPorts: server call pws_attach failed.

    Cause: The call PWS_ATTACH to (Oracle helper) failed.

    Action: Make sure the server is still active. Check the error code returned in SERCERRNO, and look for error messages in the server log file.

ORA-09752 pw_attachPorts: port_allocate failed.

    Cause: The PORT_ALLOCATE system call failed; possible resource exhaustion.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO, report to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09753 spwat: invalid process number.

    Cause: Function was passed an invalid Oracle process ID. This is an internal error.

    Action: Additional information indicates the invalid process ID.

ORA-09754 sppst: invalid process number passed to sppst.

    Cause: Function was passed an invalid Oracle process ID. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09755 osngpn: port allocation failure.

    Cause: The PORT_ALLOCATE system call failed.

    Action: Possible system resource shortage; check the error code in SERCERRNO.

ORA-09756 osnpns: no port in the name server.

    Cause: OSNPNS could not find the given named port in the name server.

    Action: Check the error code in SERCERRNO. Make sure the shadow process and network name server are still running.

ORA-09757 osnipn: port allocation failure.

    Cause: The PORT_ALLOCATE system call failed.

    Action: Possible system resource shortage; check the error code in SERCERRNO.

ORA-09758 osnipn: could not check port in name server.

    Cause: The NETNAME_CHECK_IN call failed.

    Action: Check the error code in SERCERRNO. Make sure the network name server is running.

ORA-09759 osnsbt: bad message received.

    Cause: The MSG_RECEIVE system call failed, or received a bad message. This is an internal error.

    Action: Report the error code returned in SERCERRNO.

ORA-09760 osnpui: cannot send break message

    Cause: The Pipe driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process break thread.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09761 pw_destroyPorts: server call pws_stop_instance failed.

    Cause: The call PWS_STOP_INSTANCE to (Oracle helper) failed.

    Action: Make sure the server is still active. Check the error code returned in SERCERRNO, and look for error messages in the server log file.

ORA-09762 sNeXT_instanceName: translation error.

    Cause: A failure was detected while translating the value of ORACLE_SID.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE_SID is defined, and that it is of legal length.

ORA-09763 osnmpx: send/receive error exchanging Mach ports.

    Cause: The Mach driver failed to exchange port information with the other side of the connection. Either MSG_SEND (sercose[0] == 1) or MSG_RECEIVE (sercose[0] == 2) failed.

    Action: Check return code in SERCERRNO. Make sure both sides of the connection are still running.

ORA-09764 osnmop: access error on oracle executable

    Cause: The Mach driver could not access the Oracle executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the Oracle executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-09765 osnmop: fork failed

    Cause: The Mach driver could not fork the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: Verify that there are enough system resources to support another process. The user or system process limit may have been exceeded, or the amount of free memory or swap space may be temporarily insufficient.

ORA-09766 osnmop: buffer allocation failure.

    Cause: The Mach driver failed to allocate enough virtual memory space for its I/O buffers.

    Action: Decrease the value of BUFFER_SIZE parameter in the Two-Task driver host string.

ORA-09767 osnmfs: bad return code from msg_send.

    Cause: The MSG_SEND system call failed while flushing the Mach driver's send buffer. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09768 osnmgetmsg: could not read a message

    Cause: The MSG_RECEIVE system call returned a failure code while waiting for a message in the Mach driver. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09769 osnmbr: cannot send break message

    Cause: The Mach driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process break thread. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09770 pws_look_up: translation failure.

    Cause: The PWS_LOOK_UP routine failed to translate the name of the (Oracle helper) executable.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE_SID and ORACLE_HOME are set and correct. Additional information gives the translation error code.

ORA-09771 osnmwrtbrkmsg: bad return code from msg_send.

    Cause: The MSG_SEND system call failed while sending a Mach driver break. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09772 osnpmetbrkmsg: message from host had incorrect message type

    Cause: The Mach driver received a message having an unrecognizable message type. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09773 osnmgetdatmsg: message from host had incorrect message type

    Cause: The Mach driver received a message having an unrecognizable message type. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09774 osnmui: cannot send break message

    Cause: The Mach driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process break thread. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09775 osnmrs: reset protocol error

    Cause: The Mach two-task driver could not reset the connection. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09776 pws_look_up: access error on (Oracle helper) executable

    Cause: The PWS_LOOK_UP call could not access the (Oracle helper) executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the (Oracle helper) executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-09777 osnpbr: cannot send break message

    Cause: The pipe driver could not send a break message to the Oracle shadow process break thread. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09778 snynfyport: failure allocating the notify port.

    Cause: The routine failed to allocate or set the task's notify port.

    Action: Possible operating system error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09779 snyGetPort: failure to allocate a port.

    Cause: The PORT_ALLOCATE system call failed; system resources might be exhausted.

    Action: Possible operating system error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09786 sllfop: open error, unable to open file.

    Cause: Open system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09787 sllfop: unrecognizable processing option, incorrect format.

    Cause: Processing option passed is of incorrect format.

    Action: Consult your IUG for permissible formats.

ORA-09788 sllfrb: unable to read file.

    Cause: Read system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno. Verify file exists.

ORA-09789 sllfsk: unable to read file.

    Cause: Read system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno. Verify file exists.

ORA-09790 sllfcf: unable to close file.

    Cause: Close system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09791 slembdf: translation error, unable to translate error file name.

    Cause: Additional information indicates error returned from SLTLN.

    Action: Check additional information.

ORA-09792 sllfop: cannot allocate read buffer.

    Cause: MALLOC system call returned an error. The system might have run out of heap space.

    Action: Check additional information for the operating system error.

ORA-09793 szguns: length of user name is greater than buffer.

    Cause: The length of the name of the user being looked up is longer than size of the buffer provided by the calling routine. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09794 szrbuild: length of role name is greater than buffer.

    Cause: The length of the name of the role being looked up is longer than size of the buffer provided by the calling routine. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09795 szrbuild: malloc of role structure failed.

    Cause: The allocation of memory for an internal structure used to hold a role descriptor failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure.

ORA-09796 szrbuild: malloc of role name failed.

    Cause: The allocation of memory for an internal buffer used to hold the name of a role failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure.

ORA-09797 Failed to get O/S MAC privileges.

    Cause: The operating system would not allow the retrieval of this process' privileges.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09798 Label comparison failed.

    Cause: The comparison of two binary labels failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09799 File label retrieval failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get a label attached to a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09800 Process sensitivity label retrieval failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get the sensitivity label for a process.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09801 Unable to get user ID from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's ID number from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09802 Conversion of binary label to string failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to convert a binary label to a string.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09803 Allocation of string buffer failed.

    Cause: a buffer used to hold the name of the file for which a label was to be obtained could not be allocated.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services. The number of bytes that Oracle attempted to allocate is in the "Additional Information" field.

ORA-09804 Class conversion from binary to ORACLE failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to convert a class component from binary format to Oracle format.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09805 conversion of category number to string failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to translate a category number to its corresponding string representation failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services. The category number is contained in the "Additional information" field.

ORA-09806 Allocation of label string buffer failed.

    Cause: A temporary buffer used to hold a label could not be allocated.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services. The number of bytes that Oracle attempted to allocate is in the "Additional Information" field.

ORA-09807 Conversion of label from string to binary failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to convert the string representation of a label to binary format.

    Action: Re-enter a valid label.

ORA-09808 Could not obtain user clearance.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get a user's clearance level.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09809 Unable to get user's group ID from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's group ID number from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09810 Unable to get process ID from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's process ID number from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09811 Unable to initialize package.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to initialize the library used to obtain security information. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09812 Unable to get user clearance from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's operating system session clearance from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09813 Unable to get directory status

    Cause: Oracle was unable to determine if a directory is multilevel.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09814 Unable to expand file name

    Cause: Oracle was unable to expand the name of a file that resides in multilevel directory.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09815 File name buffer overflow

    Cause: The buffer that Oracle uses to hold the expanded name of a too small. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09816 Unable to set effective privileges

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09817 Write to audit file failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to write an entry to the file used as the audit trail.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09818 Number is too large

    Cause: Oracle was unable to convert a component string to a number because the number is larger than the largest possible value for an integer. The additional information field specifies the maximum.

    Action: Correct the string and repeat the conversion.

ORA-09819 Number exceeds maximum legal value

    Cause: the number specified for a component was greater than the maximum value allowed for that component.

    Action: Change the component to a value less than the maximum and repeat the conversion. The maximum component number is contained in the "Additional information" field.

ORA-09820 Conversion of class string to numeric representation failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to convert a class string to a number because all of the characters in the string were not numeric.

    Action: Change the string to be either all numbers or all non-numeric characters and repeat the conversion.

ORA-09821 Numeric label is not valid

    Cause: A label specified in Oracle numeric format was found not to be valid.

    Action: Re-enter a valid label. Consult your system's encodings for valid numeric component values.

ORA-09822 Translation of audit file name failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to translate the value of the AUDIT_TRAIL_DEST initialization parameter.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09823 device name is too long

    Cause: The name of a device was too long to fit into an internal buffer. The additional information field contains the length of the device name. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09824 Unable to enable allowmacaccess privilege.

    Cause: Oracle was not able to turn on ALLOWMACACCESS privilege so that it could do a label comparison.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. If it indicates that Oracle does not have the ALLOWMACACCESS privilege, add the ALLOWMACACCESS privilege to the potential privilege set of $ORACLE_HOME/bin/oracle using CHPRIV (1M). If the executable already has the ALLOWMACACCESS privilege, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09825 Unable to disable allowmacaccess privilege.

    Cause: Oracle was not able to turn off the ALLOWMACACCESS privilege after doing a label comparison. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09826 SCLIN: cannot initialize atomic latch.

    Cause: System call ATOMIC_OP() return error.

    Action: Check additional information in the trace file.

ORA-09827 SCLGT: atomic latch return unknown error.

    Cause: System call ATOMIC_OP() return unexpected error.

    Action: Check additional information in the trace file.

ORA-09828 SCLFR: atomic latch return error.

    Cause: System call ATOMIC_OP() return unexpected error.

    Action: Check additional information in the trace file.

ORA-09829 pw_createPorts: server call pws_start_instance failed.

    Cause: The call PWS_START_INSTANCE to (Oracle helper) failed; system resources might be exhausted.

    Action: Make sure the server is still active. Check the error code returned in SERCERRNO, and look for error messages in the server log file.

ORA-09830 snyAddPort: failed to perform a remote procedure call.

    Cause: The MSG_RPC system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09831 snyStartThread: failed to build the server port set.

    Cause: The routine failed to build a port set on which to listen for requests. Possible operating system failure.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09832 infoCallback: bad message format.

    Cause: The routine received an incorrectly formatted request. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09833 addCallback: bad message format.

    Cause: The routine received an incorrectly formatted request. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09834 snyGetPortSet: failed to collect info on a port.

    Cause: The PORT_STATUS system called failed. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09835 addCallback: callback port is already in a set.

    Cause: The port to be added to the callback list is already in a port set. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09836 addCallback: could not add a port to the callback set.

    Cause: The PORT_SET_ADD system called failed. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09837 addCallback: could not add allocate a callback link.

    Cause: The MALLOC library call failed to allocate space for a callback link. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09838 removeCallback: failure removing the callback port.

    Cause: The port PORT_SET_REMOVE system call failed. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09839 removeCallback: callback port is not in the callback set.

    Cause: The port to be removed to the callback list is not in the callback port set. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09840 soacon: Name translation failure.

    Cause: SLTLN() could not translate the named pipe ?/dbs/mon2arch_@.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME specified for this ORACLE_SID in oratab is correct.

ORA-09841 soacon: Name translation failure.

    Cause: SLTLN() could not translate the named pipe ?/dbs/arch2mon_@.

    Action: Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME specified for this ORACLE_SID in ORATAB is correct.

ORA-09842 soacon: Archmon unable to create named pipe.

    Cause: MKNOD() failed to create named pipe ?/dbs/mon2arch_@.

    Action: Your current operating system login may lack write permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. Only USERIDs in the DBA group of a given instance can run ARCHMON for that ORACLE_SID. Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME directory is correct in ORATAB.

ORA-09843 soacon: Archmon unable to create named pipe.

    Cause: MKNOD() failed to create named pipe ?/dbs/arch2mon_@.

    Action: Your current operating system login may lack write permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. Only USERIDs in the dba group of a given instance can run ARCHMON for that ORACLE_SID. Make sure that the ORACLE_HOME directory is correct in ORATAB.

ORA-09844 soacon: Archmon unable to open named pipe.

    Cause: OPEN() failed to open named pipe ?/dbs/mon2arch_@.

    Action: Only the Oracle DBA can run ARCHMON. Make sure that your current operating system login has owner or group search permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. The maximum number of open files may have been exceeded.

ORA-09845 soacon: Archmon unable to open named pipe.

    Cause: OPEN() failed to open named pipe ?/dbs/arch2mon_@.

    Action: Only the Oracle DBA can run ARCHMON. Make sure that your current operating system login has owner or group search permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. The maximum number of open files may have been exceeded.

ORA-09846 soacon: ARCH unable to open named pipe.

    Cause: OPEN() failed to open named pipe ?/dbs/mon2arch_@.

    Action: Make sure that the operating system USERID of the currently running database has search permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. The maximum number of open files may have been exceeded.

ORA-09847 soacon: ARCH unable to open named pipe.

    Cause: OPEN() failed to open named pipe ?/dbs/arch2mon_@.

    Action: Make sure that the operating system USERID of the currently running database has search permission for the ORACLE_HOME/dbs directory. The maximum number of open files may have been exceeded.

ORA-09850 soacon: Archmon unable to lock named pipe.

    Cause: FCNTL() failed to set write lock on named pipe ?/dbs/arch2mon_@.

    Action: Make sure that ARCHMON is not already active on another terminal for this ORACLE_SID. Only one ARCHMON session is allowed at a time for a given instance.

ORA-09851 soacon: Archmon unable to lock named pipe.

    Cause: FCNTL() failed to set read lock on named pipe ?/dbs/mon2arch_@.

    Action: Make sure that ARCHMON is not already active on another terminal for this ORACLE_SID. Only one ARCHMON session is allowed at a time for a given instance.

ORA-09853 snyRemovePort: bad return code from request.

    Cause: The request to remove a port from the callback set returned a failure code. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09854 snyPortInfo: bad return code from request.

    Cause: The request to collect information on a port in the callback set returned a failure code. Possible operating system error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09855 removeCallback: bad message format.

    Cause: The routine received an incorrectly formatted request. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09856 smpalo: vm_allocate error while allocating pga.

    Cause: The VM_ALLOCATE system call returned an error.

    Action: Check returned error. Possibly out of system resources.

ORA-09857 smprset: vm_protect error while protecting pga.

    Cause: The VM_PROTECT system call returned an error. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09870 spini: failure initializing maximum number of open files.

    Cause: ULIMIT system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09871 TASDEF_NAME: translation error while expanding ?/dbs/tasdef@.dbf.

    Cause: Failure of sltln(?/tasdef@.dbf) while creating test and set pages.

    Action: Check additional return error for more information.

ORA-09872 TASDEF_CREATE: create failure in creating ?/dbs/tasdef@.dbf.

    Cause: CREATE() failed when trying to create the TASDEF file.

    Action: Verify permissions on $(ORACLE_HOME)/dbs directory.

ORA-09873 TASDEF_OPEN: open error when opening tasdef@.dbf file.

    Cause: Unable to open tasdef@.dbf file.

    Action: Check errno. Possible permission problem. Verify that tasdef@.dbf file exists.

ORA-09874 TASDEF_READ: read error, unable to read tasdef@.dbf file.

    Cause: Read system call returned an error when attempting to read ?/dbs/tasdef@.dbf.

    Action: Check errno returned. SGADEF file may be corrupted or incompatible with Oracle version.

ORA-09875 TASDEF_WRITE: write error when writing ?/dbs/tasdef@.dbf file.

    Cause: Write call failed.

    Action: Check errno returned. Possibly out of space on device.

ORA-09876 TASDEF_CLOSE: unable to close ?/dbs/tasdef@.dbf file.

    Cause: Close system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno returned. Possible operating system failure.

ORA-09877 sstascre: shmget error, unable to get a shared memory segment.

    Cause: Error in SHMGET.

    Action: Check errno returned. Verify that enough shared memory is available on the system.

ORA-09878 sstascre/sstasat: shmat error, unable to attach tas write page

    Cause: Error in SHMAT.

    Action: Check errno returned.Verify that enough shared memory is available on the system.

ORA-09879 sstascre/sstasat: shmat error, unable to attach tas read page

    Cause: Error in SHMAT.

    Action: Check errno returned.Verify that enough shared memory is available on the system.

ORA-09880 sstasfre/sstasdel: shmdt error, unable to detach tas write page

    Cause: Error in SHMDT.

    Action: Check errno returned.

ORA-09881 sstasfre/sstasdel: shmdt error, unable to detach tas read page

    Cause: Error in SHMDT.

    Action: Check errno returned.

ORA-09882 sstasfre/sstasdel: shmctl error, unable to remove tas shm page

    Cause: Error in SHMCTL.

    Action: Check errno returned.

ORA-09883 Two Task interface: oratab file does not exist

    Cause: The ORATAB file does not exist.

    Action: Install Oracle before you use it or re-create the ORATAB file.

ORA-09884 Two Task interface: SID doens't match current PU

    Cause: You are trying to start Oracle on another PU than you configured Oracle on or there is no entry for this SID in the ORATAB file.

    Action: Start Oracle with this SID on its designated PU (see the ORATAB file). Or install the new database with SID.

ORA-09885 osnTXtt: cannot create TXIPC channel

    Cause: The TXIPC driver failed to create pipes for two-task communications with the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: You have probably exceeded the maximum number of open file descriptors per user or the system file table is full. Note the operating system error code and contact your system administrator.

ORA-09886 osnTXtt: translation error while expanding txipc@.trc.

    Cause: Failure of sltln(txipc@.trc) while creating debug channel.

    Action: Check additional return error for more information.

ORA-09887 osnTXtt: Failed to create/open debug channel.

ORA-09888 osnTXtt: txipc channel creation failed

    Cause: The TXIPC driver failed to create channels for two-task communications with the Oracle shadow process.

    Action: You have probably exceeded the maximum number of open file descriptors per user or the system file table operating system error code and contact your system administrator.

ORA-09889 osnTXtt: access error on oracle executable

    Cause: The TXIPC driver could not access the Oracle executable.

    Action: Check the permissions on the Oracle executable and each component of the ORACLE_HOME/bin path.

ORA-09890 osnTXtt: malloc failed

    Cause: The TXIPX driver failed to allocate enough heap space for its context area buffers.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09908 slkmnm: gethostname returned error code.

    Cause: The system call GETHOSTNAME returned an error. This is most likely an internal error.

    Action: Make sure GETHOSTNAME is successful in other contexts, and if so contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09909 Malloc of scratch buffer failed.

    Cause: Memory needed for a temporary buffer could not be allocated. The additional information field contains the number of bytes that Oracle attempted to allocate.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. It is probable that the system has run out of memory. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09910 Unable to find ORACLE password file entry for user.

    Cause: No entry exists for the user in the Oracle password file.

    Action: Have the database administrator install a password entry by running ORAPASSWD.

ORA-09911 Incorrect user password.

    Cause: The password entered by the user was incorrect.

    Action: Enter the correct password.

ORA-09912 Malloc of name buffer(s) failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to allocate memory for one or both of the buffers that are used to hold the name of DBA and the operator users.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. It is probable that the system has run out of memory. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09913 Malloc of dummy name failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to allocate memory for the user name that is to be used in the encryption of the user's password.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. It is probable that the system has run out of memory. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09914 Unable to open the ORACLE password file.

    Cause: Oracle could not open the password file for reading.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. If the error number indicates that the file does not exist, have the database administrator create the file by running ORAPASSWD. If the error number indicates insufficient permissions, ask the database administrator to change the permissions. Otherwise, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09915 Password encryption failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to encrypt a password. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09916 Required password was not specified.

    Cause: A user attempted to connect as "internal," but did not specify a password.

    Action: Connect as internal again and specify a password.

ORA-09918 Unable to get user privileges from SQL*Net

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's privilege set from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09919 Unable to set label of dedicated server

    Cause: Oracle was unable to set the label of the dedicated to server to the required value.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also, check the privileges on the Oracle executable. It should have at least ALLOWMACACCESS privilege.

ORA-09920 Unable to get sensitivity label from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's sensitivity label from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09921 Unable to get information label from connection

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve the user's information label from the SQL*Net connection.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. Also check the "additional information" field for the SQL*Net error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09922 Can't spawn process - background log directory not created properly

    Cause: Oracle was unable to spawn a background process because the directory that will hold trace files of the background processes was not created properly.

    Action: Examine the directory pointed to by the initialization parameter BACKGROUND_DUMP_DEST. Make sure that all of the following is true:

       1. The directory exists.
       2. The name indeed points to a directory, and is not a file.
       3. The directory is accessible and writable to the Oracle user.


ORA-09923 Can't spawn process - user log directory not created properly

    Cause: Oracle was unable to spawn a background process because the directory that holds the trace files of the dedicated server processes was not created properly.

    Action: Examine the directory pointed to by the initialization parameter USER_DUMP_DEST. Make sure that all of the following is true:

       1. The directory exists.
       2. The name indeed points to a directory, and is not a file.
       3. The directory is accessible and writable to the Oracle user.


ORA-09924 Can't spawn process - core dump directory not created properly

    Cause: Oracle was unable to spawn a background process because the directory that holds the core dumps produced by Oracle processes in the event of exceptions was not created properly.

    Action: Examine the directory pointed to by the initialization parameter CORE_DUMP_DEST. Make sure that all of the following is true:

       1. The directory exists.
       2. The name indeed points to a directory, and is not a file.
       3. The directory is accessible and writable to the Oracle user.


ORA-09925 Unable to create audit trail file

    Cause: Oracle was not able to create the file being used to hold audit trail records.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09926 Unable to set effective privilege set of the server

    Cause: A dedicated server was unable to set it's own privilege set.

    Action: Check the privileges granted to the Oracle executable. It must have at least ALLOWMACACESS privilege.

ORA-09927 Unable to set label of server

    Cause: Oracle was not able to set the label of a server to a new value.

    Action: Check the privileges on $ORACLE_HOME/bin/oracle. Make sure that it has ALLOWMACACCESS privilege.

ORA-09928 Unable to restore the label of server

    Cause: Oracle was unable to restore the label of the server to the value that it had before raising it to database high. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09929 GLB of two labels is invalid

    Cause: The result of a greatest lower bound operation on two labels was not valid.

    Action: Repeat the operation with two different labels. Consult the system encoding file for the values of valid labels.

ORA-09930 LUB of two labels is invalid

    Cause: The result of a least upper bound operation on two labels was not valid.

    Action: Repeat the operation with two different labels. Consult the system encoding file for the values of valid labels.

ORA-09931 Unable to open ORACLE password file for reading

    Cause: An attempt to open a password file for reading failed.

    Action: Make sure that the permissions on the file have not been changed so that the Oracle user cannot open it.

ORA-09932 Close of ORACLE password file failed.

    Cause: An attempt to close a password file failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09933 Deletion of old password file failed.

    Cause: The removal of the old password file failed.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09934 Link of current password file to old failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to create a link so that the old password file could be saved.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09935 Unlink of current password file failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to complete the saving of the current password file.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09936 Open of ORACLE password file for write failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to create a password file.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09937 Chmod of ORACLE password file failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to change a password file to be read only.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for the specific reason.

ORA-09938 Save of signal handlers failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to save the previous values of selected signal handlers. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09939 Restoration of signal handlers failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to restore the previous values of selected signal handlers. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09940 ORACLE password file header is corrupt

    Cause: The header of one of the password files was not in the format that Oracle expected.

    Action: Check the headers of both files. The header should be in the format "FILE VERSION: N.N.N.N.N EXECUTABLE VERSION: N.N.N.N.N" where N is a number. Remove the corrupt file(s) and re-run ORAPASSWD.

ORA-09941 Version of orapasswd or installer is older than file.

    Cause: The version of ORAPASSWD or installer that is being run is older than that of the Oracle password file. Since the file version is only changed when the format is changed, this error means that the executable is using a different format than that with which the file was created.

    Action: Run a version of the installer or ORAPASSWD whose version is the same or later than that of the file.

ORA-09942 Write of ORACLE password file header failed.

    Cause: The attempt to write out the header of the Oracle password file failed.

    Action: Check the operating system error number. It is possible that the file system became full.

ORA-09943 Allocation of memory for password list component failed.

    Cause: When it is building a list of password file entries, Oracle allocates memory for various components. One of the allocations failed.

    Action: Check the operating system error number. The system has probably run out of memory.

ORA-09944 Password entry is corrupt.

    Cause: An entry in an Oracle password file was not in the format that Oracle expected.

    Action: Removed the corrupt file(s) and re-run ORAPASSWD.

ORA-09945 Unable to initialize the audit trail file

    Cause: Oracle was unable to write header information to the file being used as the audit trail.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system error. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09946 File name too long for buffer

    Cause: The buffer that was to be used to hold a file name was determined to be too short for the generated name. This will happen if the translated name for either a trace file or an audit file is longer than the maximum allowed, which on many ports is 256 characters.

    Action: Use a shorter file name.

ORA-09947 Unable to allocate connection attributes structure

    Cause: Oracle was not able to allocate the memory needed to hold the attributes of the SQL*Net connection. The "Additional Information" field holds the number of bytes that Oracle attempted to allocate.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number. It is probable that the system has run out of memory. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09948 Process information label retrieval failed.

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get the information label for a process.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09949 Unable to get client operating system privileges

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get the operating system privileges for the client process.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09950 Unable to get server operating system privileges

    Cause: Oracle was unable to get its privileges from the operating system.

    Action: This is an error that should never happen. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09951 Unable to create file

    Cause: Oracle was unable to create a file.

    Action: Check the UNIX error number for a possible operating system failure. If there is no error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09952 scgcmn: lk_open_convert unexpected return: open failed

    Cause: The Distributed Lock Manager returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to the Distributed Lock Manager documentation or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09953 scggc: unexpected return of a lock convert

    Cause: The Distributed Lock Manager returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for Lock Manager error messages and refer to the Distributed Lock Manager documentation or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09954 scgcc: unexpected return status to callback of lock close

    Cause: The Distributed Lock Manager returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for Lock Manager error messages and refer to the Distributed Lock Manager documentation or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09955 scgcan: unexpected return status when canceling a lock

    Cause: DLM system service x returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message and refer to the Distributed Lock Manager documentation or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09956 scgcm: unexpected lock status condition

    Cause: A global locking system service returned an unexpected value.

    Action: Check for system error message (if any) and refer to refer to the Distributed Lock Manager documentation or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09957 Unable to send termination request to IMON

    Cause: The attempt to send a termination signal to IMON failed. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09958 IMON: two processes with the same ORACLE pid are active

    Cause: The IMON process was unable to add an entry for a server process because another active process occupies the slot. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09959 IMON: deletion of a process failed.

    Cause: The IMON process was unable to delete a server process from its process ID array because no entry for the process could be found. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09960 Unable to establish signal handler for termination signal

    Cause: Oracle was unable to set up a handler for the signal used to notify it that the instance was shutting down. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09961 Unable to restore termination signal handler

    Cause: Oracle failed to set the handler for the termination signal to its previous value. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-09962 lk_group_create error in scggrc

ORA-09963 lk_group_attach error in scggra

ORA-09964 lk_group_detach error in scggrd

ORA-09966 scumnt: translation error while expanding ?/dbs/lk

    Cause: Failure of SLTLN in SCUMNT.

    Action: Check additional returned error for more information.

ORA-09967 scumnt: unable to create or open file

    Cause: Open system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09968 scumnt: unable to lock file

    Cause: Lock file operating system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09969 scurls: unable to close lock file

    Cause: Close system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-09974 skxfidini: Error Initializing SDI Channel

    Cause: The process was unable to initialize the SDI channel properly.

    Action: Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09975 kxfspini: Error Initializing SDI Process

    Cause: The process was unable to attach to the SDI channel.

    Action: Verify that the SDI process specific limits correctly configured. Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09976 skxfqdini: Error Creating Port

    Cause: The process was unable to create a communications endpoint.

    Action: Verify that the SDI port specific limits correctly configured. Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09977 skxfqhini: Error Connecting

    Cause: The process was unable to connect to another endpoint.

    Action: Verify that the SDI port specific limits correctly configured. Check that the other node(s) is part of the cluster and operating properly. Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09978 skxfqhdel: Error Disconnecting from another endpoint.

    Cause: The process was unable to disconnect cleanly from another endpoint.

    Action: Check that the other node(s) are part of the cluster and operating properly. Check the instance and processes on the other node(s). Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09979 skxfqhsnd: Error Sending a message to another endpoint

    Cause: The process was unable to send a message to an existing endpoint.

    Action: Check that the other node(s) are part of the cluster and operating properly. Check the instance and processes on the other node(s). Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09980 skxfqdrcv: Error Receiving a message from another endpoint

    Cause: The process encountered an error while trying to receive a message.

    Action: Check that the other node(s) are part of the cluster and operating properly. Check the instance and processes on the other node(s). Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09981 skxfqdreg: Error Adding a page to the SDI buffer pool

    Cause: The process was unable to add a page to the SDI buffer pool.

    Action: Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09982 skxfqddrg: Error Removing a page from the SDI buffer pool

    Cause: The process was unable to remove a page to the SDI buffer pool.

    Action: Correct the operating system error and retry the operation.

ORA-09983 skxfidsht: Error shutting down SDI channel

    Cause: The process was unable to shut down the SDI channel.

    Action: Check the SDI persistent resources using SDI tools. Verify that all processes exited cleanly and the instance is safely shut down. Delete any remaining SDI channel IDs associated with the current instance.

ORA-09984 SGA file $ORACLE_HOME/dbs/sgadef$ORACLE_SID.dbf does not exist

    Cause: File does not exist or is not accessible.

    Action: Restart the instance to create the SGA definition file.

ORA-09985 SGA definition file could not be read

    Cause: UNIX read() operation failed.

    Action: Check errno and take appropriate action.

ORA-09986 wrong number of bytes read from SGA definition file

    Cause: Struct SKGMSDEF size differs from the number of bytes read from the SGA file.

    Action: Compare the two struct definitions and ensure that they are identical in size and structure.

ORA-09987 unable to attach to SGA in READ-ONLY mode

    Cause: The instance is not up, or SGA segments are not read-accessible.

    Action: Verify that the instance is up and read permissions for the SGA segments are set.

ORA-09988 error while detaching SGA

    Cause: SKGMSDEF struct is corrupted and/or segment addresses are modified.

    Action: Safely shut down the instance and mount the SGA segments again.

ORA-09989 attempt to use invalid skgmsdef struct pointer

    Cause: Pointer to SKGMSDEF struct used without validating it.

    Action: Assign a valid address to the SKGMSDEF struct pointer before using it.

ORA-10560 block type 'string'

    Cause: Report block type for details of another error.

    Action: See associated error message.

ORA-10561 block type 'string', data object# string

    Cause: Report block type and data object number for details of another error.

    Action: See associated error message.

ORA-10562 Error occurred while applying redo to data block (file# string, block# string)

    Cause: See other errors on error stack.

    Action: Investigate why the error occurred and how important is the data block. Media and standby database recovery usually can continue if user allows recovery to corrupt this data block.

ORA-10563 Test recovery had to corrupt data block (file# string, block# string) in order to proceed

    Cause: Test recovery completed.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. See other messages on error stack for a summary of the result of the test recovery.

ORA-10564 tablespace string

    Cause: Report tablespace name for details of another error.

    Action: See associated error message.

ORA-10565 Another test recovery session is active

    Cause: There can only be one test recovery session at any time. Another test recovery session is active.

    Action: Wait until the other test recovery session completes.

ORA-10566 Test recovery has used all the memory it can use

    Cause: Test recovery tests redo in memory. It can no longer proceed because it has consumed all the memory it can use.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. See other messages on error stack for a summary result of the test recovery.

ORA-10567 Redo is inconsistent with data block (file# string, block# string)

    Cause: There are two possible causes of this error:

       1. A write issued by Oracle was lost by the underlying OS or storage system.
       2. An Oracle internal error.

    Action: Investigate why the error occurred and how important is the data block. Media and standby database recovery usually can continue if user allows recovery to corrupt this data block.

ORA-10568 Failed to allocate recovery state object: out of SGA memory

    Cause: Out of SGA memory.

    Action: Restart the instance. If the problem persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-10570 Test recovery complete

    Cause: Test recovery completed.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. See other messages on error stack for a summary result of the test recovery.

ORA-10571 Test recovery canceled

    Cause: User canceled test recovery.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. See other messages on error stack for a summary of the result of the test recovery.

ORA-10572 Test recovery canceled due to errors

    Cause: See other errors on the error stack.

    Action: See other messages on the error stack. It is possible that no action is needed. See other messages on error stack for a summary of the result of the test recovery so far.

ORA-10573 Test recovery tested redo from change string to string

    Cause: This message shows the range of test recovery that has been tested.

    Action: No action is needed. See other messages on the error stack.

ORA-10574 Test recovery did not corrupt any data block

    Cause: This message summarizes test recovery result.

    Action: No action is needed. See other messages on the error stack.

ORA-10575 Give up restoring recovered datafiles to consistent state: out of memory

    Cause: There was not enough memory to restore recovered datafiles to consistent state.

    Action: This error is just a warning: You may not be able to open the database with resetlogs immediately after this error. However, you may continue media/standby recovery, and that may make the datafiles recovered consistent again.

ORA-10576 Give up restoring recovered datafiles to consistent state: some error occurred

    Cause: See alert file or other errors on the stack for a cause of the problem.

    Action: This error is just a warning: You may not be able to open the database with resetlogs immediately after this error. However, you may continue media/standby recovery, and that may make the datafiles recovered consistent again.

ORA-10577 Can not invoke test recovery for managed standby database recovery

    Cause: Test recovery option is used for managed standby database recovery.

    Action: Either remove the test recovery option or invoke manual test standby database recovery.

ORA-10578 Can not allow corruption for managed standby database recovery

    Cause: You used the allow corruption option for managed standby database recovery.

    Action: Either remove the allow corruption option or invoke manual standby database recovery.

ORA-10579 Can not modify control file during test recovery

    Cause: To proceed with recovery, test recovery needs to modify the control file. But test recovery is not allowed to modify the controlfile.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. It can only go so far in the redo stream.

ORA-10580 Can not modify datafile header during test recovery

    Cause: To proceed with recovery, test recovery needs to modify a datafile header. But test recovery is not allowed to modify datafile headers.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. It can only go so far in the redo stream.

ORA-10581 Can not modify redo log header during test recovery

    Cause: To proceed with recovery, test recovery needs to modify a redo log header. But test recovery is not allowed to modify redo log headers.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has ended successfully. It can only go so far in the redo stream.

ORA-10582 The control file is not a backup control file

    Cause: User requested backup control file test recovery, but the control file is not a backup control file.

    Action: Use a backup control file, or do not use the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE option.

ORA-10583 Can not recover file string renamed as missing during test recovery

    Cause: One of the files to be recovered is renamed as missing.

    Action: Rename the file to the correct file or offline it.

ORA-10584 Can not invoke parallel recovery for test recovery

    Cause: Both test recovery and parallel recovery are requested.

    Action: Drop either one of the two recovery options.

ORA-10585 Test recovery can not apply redo that may modify control file

    Cause: Test recovery has encountered a special redo that may modify control file.

    Action: No action is needed. Test recovery has proceeded successfully as far as it could from its starting point.

ORA-10586 Test recovery had to corrupt 1 data block in order to proceed

    Cause: This message summarizes test recovery result: Oracle may have to corrupt one block in order to apply the range of redo tested.

    Action: See the alert log for details of the problem.

ORA-10587 Invalid count for ALLOW n CORRUPTION option

    Cause: The number specified in the ALLOW n CORRUPTION option is too big.

    Action: Use a smaller number.

ORA-10588 Can only allow 1 corruption for normal media/standby recovery

    Cause: The number specified in the ALLOW n CORRUPTION option is too big.

    Action: Change to allow zero or one corruption.

ORA-10589 Test recovery had to corrupt string data blocks in order to proceed

    Cause: This message summarizes test recovery result: Oracle may have to corrupt a number of data blocks as specified in the message in order to apply the range of redo tested.

    Action: See the alert log for details of the problems.

ORA-10614 Operation not allowed on this segment

    Cause: This procedure can be used only on segments in tablespaces with AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT.

    Action: Recheck the segment name and type and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10615 Invalid tablespace type for temporary tablespace

    Cause: Tablespace with AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT specified cannot be used as a temporary tablespace.

    Action: Recheck the tablespace name and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10616 Operation not allowed on this tablespace

    Cause: Cannot perform the operation on tablespace with AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT.

    Action: Recheck the tablespace name and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10617 Cannot create rollback segment in dictionary managed tablespace

    Cause: Rollback segments cannot be created in dictionary managed tablespaces when the SYSTEM tablespace is locally managed.

    Action: Recheck the tablespace name and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10618 Operation not allowed on this segment

    Cause: This DBMS_SPACE operation is not permitted on segments in tablespaces with AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT.

    Action: Recheck the segment name and type and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10620 Operation not allowed on this segment

    Cause: Cannot alter freelist storage parameter for segments in tablespaces with AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT.

    Action: Recheck the segment name and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10621 data block does not belong to the segment

    Cause: The specified file number and block number of the data block does not belong to the segment.

    Action: Recheck the segment, file number, block number and re-issue the statement.

ORA-10640 Operation not permitted during SYSTEM tablespace migration

    Cause: The SYSTEM tablespace is being migrated to locally managed format.

    Action: Re-issue this command once SYSTEM tablespace migration is complete.

ORA-10641 Cannot find a rollback segment to bind to

    Cause: SYSTEM tablespace migration requires rollback segment in locally managed tablespace.

    Action: Drop rollback segments in dictionary managed tablespaces other than SYSTEM and create rollback segments in locally managed tablespace. Then retry migration.

ORA-10642 Found rollback segments in dictionary managed tablespaces

    Cause: When SYSTEM tablespace is migrated, found rollback segments in dictionary managed tablespaces.

    Action: Drop the rollback segments in dictionary managed tablespaces and re-issue the command.

ORA-10643 Database should be mounted in restricted mode and Exclusive mode

    Cause: When SYSTEM tablespace is being migrated, database should be mounted in Exclusive mode and in Restricted mode.

    Action: Re-issue this command after mounting the database in the correct mode.

ORA-10644 SYSTEM tablespace cannot be default temporary tablespace

    Cause: When SYSTEM tablespace is being migrated, no user should have SYSTEM as the default temporary tablespace.

    Action: Re-issue this command after altering the default temporary tablespace setting for all users.

ORA-10646 Too many recursive extensions during SYSTEM tablespace migration

    Cause: When SYSTEM tablespace is being migrated, dictionary tables tried to extend recursively more than 1000 times.

    Action: If SYSTEM tablespace is very large, then simply reissue the tablespace migration command.

ORA-10647 Tablespace other than SYSTEM,string, string not found in read only mode

    Cause: When SYSTEM tablespace is being migrated, tablespaces other than the three should be ALTERed to read only.

    Action: Alter the tablespace status to read only and retry migration.

ORA-10651 incorrect file number block number specified

    Cause: The specified dba is not valid.

    Action: Check if the specified dba belongs to the segment and is under the segment HWM and re-issue the statement.

ORA-12000 a materialized view log already exists on table 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view log on a table that already has a materialized view log. Each master table can have only one materialized view log.

    Action: All materialized views on a table can use the same materialized view log for that table. To make changes to the existing log, use the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG command or drop the materialized view log and create it again.

ORA-12001 cannot create log: table 'string' already has a trigger

    Cause: Materialized view logs are filled by a trigger on the master table. That trigger cannot be created.

    Action: To create a materialized view log, drop the current trigger on the master.

ORA-12002 there is no materialized view log on table "string"."string"

    Cause: There was no materialized view log on the master table.

    Action: Create a materialized view log on the master table.

ORA-12003 materialized view "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: The materialized view with the given owner and name does not exist.

    Action: Verify inputs and create a materialized view.

ORA-12004 REFRESH FAST cannot be used for materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log does not exist or cannot be used.

    Action: Use just REFRESH, which will reinstantiate the entire table. If a materialized view log exists and the form of the materialized view allows the use of a materialized view log, REFRESH FAST will be available starting the next time the materialized view is refreshed.

ORA-12005 may not schedule automatic refresh for times in the past

    Cause: An attempt was made to schedule an automated materialized view refresh for a time in the past.

    Action: Choose a time in the future instead.

ORA-12006 a materialized view with the same user.name already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view with the name of an existing materialized view.

    Action: Create the materialized view using a different name or drop the existing materialized view.

ORA-12007 materialized view reuse parameters are inconsistent

    Cause: The CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW .. or CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG .. REUSE command was given inconsistent parameters immediately after the REUSE.

    Action: Examine the other messages on the stack to find the problem.

ORA-12008 error in materialized view refresh path

    Cause: Table SNAP$_mview_name reads rows from the view MVIEW$_mview_name, which is a view on the master table (the master may be at a remote site). Any error in this path will cause this error at refresh time. For fast refreshes, the table master_owner.MLOG$_master is also referenced.

    Action: Examine the other messages on the stack to find the problem. See if the objects SNAP$_mview_name, MVIEW$_mview_name, mowner.master@dblink, mowner.MLOG$_master@dblink still exist.

ORA-12009 materialized views may not contain long columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view with a long column.

    Action: Do not attempt to create materialized view logs with long columns.

ORA-12010 cannot create materialized view log on table owned by SYS

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view log on the table owned by SYS. CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG attempts to create a trigger on the table, but triggers can not be created on SYS tables.

    Action: Do not create a materialized view log on SYS tables.

ORA-12011 execution of string jobs failed

    Cause: An error was caught in dbms_ijob.run from one or more jobs which were due to be run.

    Action: Look at the alert log for details on which jobs failed and why.

ORA-12012 error on auto execute of job string

    Cause: Some kind of error was caught while doing an automatic execute of a job.

    Action: Look at the accompanying errors for details on why the execute failed.

ORA-12013 updatable materialized views must be simple enough to do fast refresh

    Cause: The updatable materialized view query contained a join, subquery, union, connect by, order by, or group by clause.

    Action: Make the materialized view simpler. If a join is really needed, make multiple simple materialized views then put a view on top of them.

ORA-12014 table 'string' does not contain a primary key constraint

    Cause: The CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG command was issued with the WITH PRIMARY KEY option and the master table did not contain a primary key constraint or the constraint was disabled.

    Action: Reissue the command using only the WITH ROWID option, create a primary key constraint on the master table, or enable an existing primary key constraint.

ORA-12015 cannot create a fast refresh materialized view from a complex query

    Cause: Neither ROWIDs nor primary key constraints are supported for complex queries.

    Action: Reissue the command with the REFRESH FORCE or REFRESH COMPLETE option or create a simple materialized view.

ORA-12016 materialized view does not include all primary key columns

    Cause: The query that instantiates the materialized view did not include all of the columns in the master's primary key constraint.

    Action: Include all of the master's primary key columns in the materialized view query or create a ROWID materialized view.

ORA-12017 cannot alter primary key mview 'string' to a rowid mview

    Cause: An attempt was made to convert the primary key of a materialized view to a ROWID materialized view.

    Action: Conversion of a primary key materialized view to a ROWID materialized view is not supported. Create a new materialized view with ROWIDs or drop and recreate the materialized view with ROWIDs.

ORA-12018 following error encountered during code generation for "string"."string"

    Cause: The refresh operations for the indicated materialized view could not be regenerated due to errors.

    Action: Correct the problem indicated in the following error messages and repeat the operation.

ORA-12019 master table is a synonym to a remote object

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view or a materialized view log on a remote synonym which is unsupported.

    Action: Do not create a materialized view or materialized view log on a remote synonym.

ORA-12020 materialized view string is not registered

    Cause: An attempt was made to unregister a materialized view that is not registered.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12021 materialized view "string"."string" is corrupt

    Cause: The indicated materialized view is no longer valid.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12022 materialized view log on "string"."string" already has rowid

    Cause: Materialized view log on the indicated table already has ROWID information.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12023 missing index on materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: The specified ROWID materialized view did not have the required index on the ROWID column of its underlying table.

    Action: Drop and recreate the materialized view.

ORA-12024 materialized view log on "string"."string" does not have primary key columns

    Cause: Materialized view log on the indicated table does not have primary key information.

    Action: Add primary keys to the materialized view log using the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW command.

ORA-12025 materialized view log on "string"."string" already has primary keys

    Cause: Materialized view log on the indicated table already has primary key columns.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12026 invalid filter column detected

    Cause: One or more of the specified filter columns did not exist or was a primary key column or a primary key based object identifier.

    Action: Ensure that all specified filter columns exist in the master table and ensure that primary key columns or primary key based object identifiers are not included in the list of filter columns.

ORA-12027 duplicate filter column

    Cause: One or more of the specified filter columns was already being recorded in the materialized view log.

    Action: Describe the materialized view log table and reissue the SQL command with the filter columns that are already being recorded in the materialized view log.

ORA-12028 materialized view type is not supported by master site string

    Cause: Pre-Oracle8 master sites are not able to support primary key or subquery materialized views that are able to perform a fast refresh.

    Action: Create a ROWID materialized view or use a master table from an Oracle8 site.

ORA-12029 LOB columns may not be used as filter columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to use LOB columns as filter columns.

    Action: Remove LOB columns from the filter columns list and retry command.

ORA-12030 cannot create a fast refresh materialized view

        * For primary key materialized views, the master table's primary key columns must be logged.
        * For subquery materialized views, the filter columns, primary key, and ROWID values must be logged.

    Cause: The materialized view log did not exist or did not log the information needed by the materialized view to perform a fast refresh.

    Action: Ensure that the materialized view log exists and logs the necessary information.

        * For ROWID materialized views, the master table's ROWID must be logged.
        * For primary key materialized views, the master table's primary key columns must be logged.
        * For subquery materialized views, the filter columns, primary key, and ROWID values must be logged.


ORA-12031 cannot use primary key columns from materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log either did not have primary key columns logged, or the timestamp associated with the primary key columns was more recent than the last refresh time.

    Action: A complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh. Add primary key columns to the materialized view log, if required.

ORA-12032 cannot use rowid column from materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log either does not have ROWID columns logged, or the timestamp associated with the ROWID columns is more recent than the last refresh time.

    Action: A complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh. Add ROWID columns to the materialized view log, if required.

ORA-12033 cannot use filter columns from materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log either did not have filter columns logged, or the timestamp associated with the filter columns was more recent than the last refresh time.

    Action: A complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh. Add filter columns to the materialized view log, if required.

ORA-12034 materialized view log on "string"."string" younger than last refresh

    Cause: The materialized view log was younger than the last refresh.

    Action: A complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh.

ORA-12035 could not use materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log did not exist or could not be used.

    Action: Use just REFRESH, which will reinstantiate the entire table. If a materialized view log exists and the form of the materialized view allows the use of a materialized view log, REFRESH FAST will be available starting the next time the materialized view is refreshed.

ORA-12036 updatable materialized view log is not empty, refresh materialized view

    Cause: The updatable materialized view log was not empty. The updatable materialized view log must be empty before an updatable rowid materialized view can be altered to a primary key materialized view.

    Action: Ensure that updatable materialized view log is empty by refreshing the materialized view before converting the updatable ROWID materialized view to a primary key materialized view.

ORA-12037 unknown export format

    Cause: An attempt was made to import a materialized view exported by an unknown export version (for example, from a newer release than the importing site).

    Action: Re-export the file using a version of export known by the importing site.

ORA-12039 unable to use local rollback segment "string"

    Cause: A local rollback segment was specified in the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW command, but automatic refresh parameters were not specified. Therefore a refresh group was not created to automatically refresh the materialized view and the local rollback segment can't be registered for future use.

    Action: Either supply the automatic refresh parameters so that a refresh group will be created or do not specify a local rollback segment.

ORA-12040 master rollback segment option not support by master site string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify master rollback segment in the current operation. The master site of the current materialized view does not allow users to specify a rollback segment to be used for materialized view operations. This feature is only supported by Oracle8 or later master sites.

    Action: Do not specify a master rollback segment in the current operation or choose a new master site.

ORA-12041 cannot record ROWIDs for index-organized table "string"."string"

    Cause: Index-organized tables do not have ROWIDs. Therefore a materialized view log that records the ROWIDs of an index-organized table could not be created.

    Action: Do not include the WITH ROWID option when using the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW command and do not include the ADD ROWID option when using the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW command if the master table is index-organized.

ORA-12042 cannot alter job_queue_processes in single process mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter job_queue_processes in single process mode.

    Action: Do not attempt to set job_queue_processes in single process mode.

ORA-12043 invalid CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW option

    Cause: An invalid option was used in a CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW statement.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12044 invalid CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG option

    Cause: An invalid option was used in a CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG statement.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12045 invalid ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG option

    Cause: An invalid option was used in an ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG statement.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12051 ON COMMIT attribute is incompatible with other options

    Cause: The ON COMMIT refresh attribute, incompatible with other refresh options such as automatic periodic refresh, was specified.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12052 cannot fast refresh materialized view string.string

    Cause: Either ROWIDs of certain tables were missing in the definition or the inner table of an outer join did not have UNIQUE constraints on join columns.

    Action: Specify the FORCE or COMPLETE option. If this error occurred during creation, the materialized view definition may have been changed. Refer to the documentation on materialized views.

ORA-12053 this is not a valid nested materialized view

    Cause: The list of objects in the FROM clause of the definition of this materialized view had some dependencies upon each other.

    Action: Refer to the documentation to see which types of nesting are valid.

ORA-12054 cannot set the ON COMMIT refresh attribute for the materialized view

    Cause: The materialized view did not satisfy conditions for refresh at commit time.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12055 materialized view definition contains cyclic dependencies with existing materialized views

    Cause: The materialized view query definition introduced a cyclic dependency with existing materialized views.

    Action: Modify the materialized view query definition.

ORA-12056 invalid REFRESH method

    Cause: The NEVER REFRESH option may not be used under the following conditions:

        * The materialized view is updatable
        * The materialized view refreshes ON COMMIT
        * Automatic refresh options are specified

    Action: For updatable materialized views, reissue the SQL command using REFRESH FORCE, REFRESH FAST, or REFRESH COMPLETE. For read-only materialized views, reissue the SQL command using ON DEMAND.

ORA-12057 materialized view "string"."string" is INVALID and must complete refresh

    Cause: The status of the materialized view was INVALID and an attempt was made to fast refresh the materialized view.

    Action: Perform a complete refresh of the materialized view. Check the value of the STATUS column in dba_mviews, all_mviews, or user_mviews to verify that the materialized view is VALID after the complete refresh.

ORA-12058 materialized view cannot use prebuilt table

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the prebuilt tables.

    Action: Reissue the SQL command using BUILD IMMEDIATE or BUILD DEFERRED.

ORA-12059 prebuilt table "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: The specified prebuilt table did not exist.

    Action: Reissue the SQL command using BUILD IMMEDIATE, BUILD DEFERRED, or ensure that the prebuilt table exists.

ORA-12060 shape of prebuilt table does not match definition query

    Cause: The number of columns or the type or the length semantics of a column in the prebuilt table did not match the materialized view definition query.

    Action: Reissue the SQL command using BUILD IMMEDIATE, BUILD DEFERRED, or ensure that the prebuilt table matches the materialized view definition query.

ORA-12061 invalid ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW option

    Cause: An invalid option was used in an ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW statement.

    Action: Specify only valid options.

ORA-12062 transaction string received out of sequence from site string

    Cause: A transaction from the client site was received out of sequence. This implies that one or more transactions were missing.

    Action: Ensure that the transaction queue at the client site is valid and has not been corrupted.

ORA-12063 unable to apply transaction from site string

    Cause: The current transaction from the client site could not be applied to the master site.

    Action: Ensure that the client site is still valid and that it has not been dropped from the master site.

ORA-12064 invalid refresh sequence number: string

    Cause: The client site was attempting to perform a refresh with an invalid refresh sequence.

    Action: Perform a complete refresh to synchronize the refresh sequence number.

ORA-12065 unknown refresh group identifier string

    Cause: The specified refresh group did not exist at the master site.

    Action: Ensure that the client site is still valid and that it has not been dropped from the master site.

ORA-12066 invalid CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW command

    Cause: The Replication API does not support the following options and types of materialized view:

        * ROWID materialized views
        * REFRESH ON COMMIT
        * ON PREBUILT TABLE
        * BUILD DEFERRED
        * NEVER REFRESH
        * ENABLE QUERY REWRITE

    Action: Create a PRIMARY KEY materialized view using REFRESH WITH PRIMARY KEY and/or remove the invalid options.

ORA-12067 empty refresh groups are not allowed

    Cause: The refresh group being instantiated did not contain any materialized views.

    Action: Modify the template to include at least one materialized view.

ORA-12068 updatable mview log for mview "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: The updatable materialized view was missing the updatable materialized view log required to track updates made to the materialized view.

    Action: Create the updatable materialized view log.

ORA-12069 invalid object for offline instantiation

    Cause: Only materialized views can be offline instantiated. The object being offline instantiated was not a valid materialized view.

    Action: Remove the object from the template or replace the object with a valid materialized view.

ORA-12070 cannot offline instantiate materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: Offline instantiation does not support materialized views using the following options:

        * ON PREBUILT TABLE
        * BUILD DEFERRED

    Action: Remove the invalid options.

ORA-12071 definition query of "string"."string" is invalid for offline instantiation

    Cause: Offline instantiation requires materialized view definition queries to observe the following constraints:

        * The database link that will be used by the materialized view site to connect to the master site must be included with each master table referenced in the query.
        * All master tables referenced must be located at the local site. References to other sites are not allowed.

    Action: Modify the materialized view definition query.

ORA-12072 updatable materialized view log data for 'string'.'string' cannot be created

    Cause: The updatable materialized view is missing the updatable materialized view log that is required to track updates made to the materialized view.

    Action: Create the updatable materialized view log.

ORA-12073 request cannot be processed

    Cause: An out-of-sequence request was made and it cannot be processed.

    Action: Try again with a valid request.

ORA-12074 invalid memory address

    Cause: An attempt was made to access an invalid memory region.

    Action: Reconnect and try the command again.

ORA-12075 invalid object or field

    Cause: ] An attempt was made to access an invalid field or object in the Java Virtual Memory.

    Action: Retry the request.

ORA-12076 invalid threshold value

    Cause: The result set threshold or LOB threshold value is not supported.

    Action: Specify a threshold value below 64K.

ORA-12077 temporary updatable materialized view log does not exist

    Cause: Temporary updatable materialized view log was not created or was dropped.

    Action: Re-create the temporary updatable materialized view log.

    Warning: This will cause a complete refresh of the materialized view.

ORA-12078 fast refresh of refresh group ID string failed

    Cause: Refresh result set sent through client method REFRESH_REQ_RESULT returned an unknown value.

    Action: Re-issue the refresh request.

ORA-12079 materialized view options require COMPATIBLE parameter to be string or greater

    Cause: The following materialized view options require an 8.1 or higher compatibility setting:

        * ON COMMIT
        * ON PREBUILT TABLE
        * BUILD DEFERRED
        * NEVER REFRESH
        * ENABLE QUERY REWRITE

    The following materialized view options require a 9.0.0 or higher compatibility setting:

        * materialized views with user-defined types

    Action: Shut down and restart with an appropriate compatibility setting.

ORA-12081 update operation not allowed on table string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to update a read-only materialized view. Only Oracle is allowed to update a read-only materialized view.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12082 'string'.'string' cannot be index organized

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an index-organized materialized aggregate view or an index-organized updatable ROWID materialized view. This is not supported.

    Action: Try to create the materialized view without the index organization clause.

ORA-12083 must use DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW to drop string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a materialized view using a command other than DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW.

    Action: Use the DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW command.

ORA-12084 must use ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW to alter string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a materialized view using a command other than ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW.

    Action: Use the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW command.

ORA-12085 materialized view log on "string"."string" already has object id

    Cause: Materialized view log on the indicated table already has object id information.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12086 table "string"."string" is not an object table

    Cause: The CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG command was issued with the WITH OBJECT ID option and the master table is not an object table.

    Action: Either specify the name of an object table, or remove the WITH OBJECT ID clause.

ORA-12087 online redefinition not allowed on tables owned by "string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table owned by SYS or SYSTEM.

    Action: Do not attempt to online redefine a table owned by SYS or SYSTEM.

ORA-12088 cannot online redefine table "string"."string" with unsupported datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table containing a LONG column, an ADT column, or a FILE column.

    Action: Do not attempt to online redefine a table containing a LONG column, an ADT column, or a FILE column.

ORA-12089 cannot online redefine table "string"."string" with no primary key

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table that does not have a primary key defined on it.

    Action: Do not attempt to online redefine a table that does not have a primary key defined on it.

ORA-12090 cannot online redefine table "string"."string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table that is either a clustered table, AQ table, temporary table, or IOT overflow table.

    Action: Do not attempt to online redefine a table that is a clustered table, AQ table, temporary table, or IOT overflow table.

ORA-12091 cannot online redefine table "string"."string" with materialized views

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table that had materialized views defined on it or had a materialized view log defined on it or is a master.

    Action: Drop all materialized views and materialized view logs before attempting to online redefine the table.

ORA-12092 cannot online redefine replicated table "string"."string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to online redefine a table that is either a materialized view or a replicated table.

    Action: Do not attempt to online redefine a table that is either a materialized view or a replicated table.

ORA-12093 invalid interim table "string"."string"

    Cause: The table is not the interim table of the corresponding table to be online redefined.

    Action: Pass in the valid interim table.

ORA-12094 error during online redefinition

    Cause: There was an error during the online redefinition process.

    Action: Abort the online redefinition process.

ORA-12096 error in materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: There was an error originating from this materialized view log. One possible cause is that schema redefinition has occurred on the master table and one or more columns in the log is now a different type than the corresponding master columns. Another possible cause is that there is a problem accessing the underlying materialized view log table.

    Action: Check further error messages in the stack for more detail about the cause. If there has been schema redefinition, drop the materialized view log and recreate it.

ORA-12097 changes in the master tables during refresh, try refresh again

    Cause: There are some changes (that is, conventional DML, direct load, partition maintenance operation) in the master tables during materialized view refresh.

    Action: Refresh the affected materialized views again.

ORA-12315 database link type is invalid for the ALTER DATABASE statement

    Cause: The database link name you specified on the ALTER DATABASE statement is not an ROM: link. You must specify an ROM: link when using the ALTER DATABASE statement to mount or open a secondary database.

    Action: Re-issue the ALTER DATABASE statement using a valid ROM: link to the database you want to mount or open. If a valid ROM: link does not exist, create one using the CREATE DATABASE LINK statement. See your documentation for Oracle security-related products for more information about creating database links using the ROM: link type.

ORA-12316 syntax error in database link's connect string

    Cause: The connect string in the CREATE DATABASE LINK statement has a syntactical error.

    Action: Drop the database link and re-create it using valid syntax. See the Oracle9i SQL Reference for more information about the connect string portion of the CREATE DATABASE LINK statement.

ORA-12317 logon to database (link name string) denied

    Cause: There are several possible causes for this error. First, you can get this error if your username (and password, if you are using database instead of operating system authentication) in the secondary database are not identical to your username (and password) in the primary database. Second, you can get this error if your username in the secondary database is invalid (has not been created). Third, you can get this error if the username/password combination specified in the connect string of the database link definition is invalid (either not created or has an invalid password).

    Action: In the first case, ensure that the secondary database contains a username (and password, if you are using database authentication) identical to the one you are using in the primary database. In the second case, ensure that your username in the secondary database has been created. In the third case, ensure that the username specified in the connect string has been created in the secondary database.

ORA-12318 database (link name string) is already mounted

    Cause: You are attempting to mount a secondary database that has already been mounted by your instance.

    Action: The database is already mounted, so you need not take additional action to mount it. To establish access, use the ALTER DATABASE linkname OPEN statement to open the database.

ORA-12319 database (link name string) is already open

    Cause: You are attempting to open a secondary database that is already open.

    Action: The database is open and you need not take additional action to establish access.

ORA-12321 database (link name string) is not open and AUTO_MOUNTING=FALSE

    Cause: The secondary database that your instance is attempting to mount is not open and automatic mounting has not been enabled.

    Action: Manually mount and open the secondary database using ALTER DATABASE linkname with the OPEN and MOUNT options. Alternately, to allow your instance to automatically mount and open secondary databases, set the AUTO_MOUNTING parameter in the parameter file to TRUE.

ORA-12322 unable to mount database (link name string)

    Cause: This message should be accompanied by additional error messages that indicate the cause of the problem.

    Action: Follow the steps outlined in the accompanying error messages to resolve the problem.

ORA-12323 unable to open database (link name string)

    Cause: This message should be accompanied by additional error messages that indicate the cause of the problem.

    Action: Follow the steps outlined in the accompanying error messages to resolve the problem.

ORA-12324 cannot use the ROM: link type on a private database link

    Cause: You can only specify the ROM: link type on a public, not a private, database link.

    Action: Determine if there is an existing public database link to the secondary database. If not, and if you wish to establish public access to the secondary database, create a public database link to the secondary database using the CREATE DATABASE LINK command.

ORA-12326 database string is closing immediately; no operations are permitted

    Cause: The database you attempted to access is closing, so your operation has been terminated.

    Action: Wait until the database has been reopened, or contact the database administrator.

ORA-12329 database string is closed; no operations are permitted

    Cause: The database you attempted to access is closed, so your operation has been terminated.

    Action: Wait until the database is reopened, or contact the database administrator.

ORA-12333 database (link name string) is not mounted

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a database that has not been mounted.

    Action: Mount the database with the ALTER DATABASE linkname MOUNT statement, then re-attempt to open the database.

ORA-12334 database (link name string) is still open

    Cause: An attempt was made to dismount a database that is still open.

    Action: Close the database with the ALTER DATABASE linkname CLOSE statement, then re-attempt to dismount the database.

ORA-12335 database (link name string) is not open

    Cause: An attempt was made to close a database that is not open.

    Action: The database is closed; you can proceed with dismounting it.

ORA-12336 cannot login to database (link name string)

    Cause: An attempt was made to login while another user is mounting or dismounting the same database.

    Action: Check to see if the database is in the middle of being mounted or opened and try your login again once the database is accessible.

ORA-12341 maximum number of open mounts exceeded

    Cause: The number specified on the OPEN_MOUNTS parameter in the parameter file exceeds the maximum allowed (255).

    Action: Change the value of this parameter so that it reflects the actual number of possible open mounts to secondary databases. This must be less than 255.

ORA-12342 open mounts exceeds limit set on the OPEN_MOUNTS parameter

    Cause: The number of currently open mounts exceeds the value you specified on the OPEN_MOUNTS parameter.

    Action: Increase the value of the OPEN_MOUNTS parameter so that it accommodates the maximum possible number of open mounts to secondary databases.

ORA-12345 user string lacks CREATE SESSION privilege in database link (linkname string)

    Cause: There are several possible causes for this message: First, you will get this message if your username in the second database specified was not granted the CREATE SESSION system privilege. Second, you will get this message if the username specified in the connect string of the database link definition was not granted the CREATE SESSION system privilege.

    Action: The action you take depends upon the cause of the message: In the first case, ensure that your username in the secondary database was granted the CREATE SESSION system privilege. In the second case, ensure the username specified in the connect string of the database link definition was granted the CREATE SESSION system privilege in the secondary database.

ORA-12350 database link being dropped is still mounted

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a ROM: database link that was still mounted and/or opened.

    Action: Close and dismount the database and then re-issue the drop statement.

ORA-12351 cannot create view using a remote object which has a remote object reference

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a view which references a remote object which, in turn, references an object on another database. Since the view that would have been created references a remote object, that object cannot reference an object on another database.

    Action: Choose a different object to reference in your view or change the remote object so that it does not reference another database.

ORA-12352 object string.string@string is invalid

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference (compile against) an object of a secondary database but the object is invalid and the system cannot validate or recompile it because it is in a secondary database.

    Action: Manually recompile the invalid object in the secondary database.

ORA-12353 secondary stored object cannot reference remote object

    Cause: An attempt was made to either select from a remote view or execute a remote procedure which references an object on another database. Since the remote view or procedure is on a secondary database, an additional reference to another database cannot be done.

    Action: Choose a different object to reference or change the remote view or procedure so that it does not reference another database.

ORA-12354 secondary object being dropped

    Cause: An attempt was made to access an object (for example, a table or view) on a secondary database that was in the process of being dropped.

    Action: Repeat the operation. If you receive this message again, try to access the object from the secondary database. If you receive an internal error or a trace file, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12700 invalid NLS parameter value (string)

    Cause: An invalid NLS initialization parameter was specified.

    Action: Check the syntax and spelling of the parameter. Enter the correct parameter into the initialization parameter file.

ORA-12701 CREATE DATABASE character set is not known

    Cause: The character set specified in the CREATE DATABASE command does not exist on the system.

    Action: Refer to your Oracle operating system-specific documentation for more information about character sets on the system. Use a valid character set in the CREATE DATABASE command.

ORA-12702 invalid NLS parameter string used in SQL function

    Cause: An invalid parameter or value was entered in the NLS parameter string in a SQL function.

    Action: Check the syntax of the function and the parameters. Enter the command again using the correct syntax and valid values.

ORA-12703 this character set conversion is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the CONVERT function to convert between two character sets, and the requested conversion is not possible due to unavailability of one or both character sets.

    Action: Use character sets available on the system in the CONVERT function.

ORA-12704 character set mismatch

    Cause: One of the following:

        * The string operands (other than an NLSPARAMS argument) to an operator or built-in function do not have the same character set.
        * An NLSPARAMS operand is not in the database character set.
        * String data with character set other than the database character set is passed to a built-in function not expecting it.
        * The second argument to CHR() or CSCONVERT() is not CHAR_CS or NCHAR_CS.
        * A string expression in the VALUES clause of an INSERT statement, or the SET clause of an UPDATE statement, does not have the same character set as the column into which the value would be inserted.
        * A value provided in a DEFAULT clause when creating a table does not have the same character set as declared for the column.
        * An argument to a PL/SQL function does not conform to the character set requirements of the corresponding parameter.

    Action: Strings declared with NCHAR or NCHAR VARYING do not interoperate with strings declared with CHAR or VARCHAR2. Use TRANSLATE() function to explicitly convert one to the other.

ORA-12705 invalid or unknown NLS parameter value specified

    Cause: There are two possible causes: Either an attempt was made to issue an ALTER SESSION statement with an invalid NLS parameter or value; or the NLS_LANG environment variable contains an invalid language, territory, or character set.

    Action: Check the syntax of the ALTER SESSION statement and the NLS parameter, correct the syntax and retry the statement, or specify correct values in the NLS_LANG environment variable. For more information about the syntax of the ALTER SESSION statement, see the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

ORA-12706 this CREATE DATABASE character set is not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a database on an ASCII-based machine using an EBCDIC-based character set or vice versa. This is not permitted.

    Action: Create the database using either ASCII-based or EBCDIC-based character sets, depending on what is supported by the hardware. Refer to your Oracle operating system-specific documentation for more information about the type of character set supported.

ORA-12707 error while getting create database NLS parameter string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12708 error while loading create database NLS parameter string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12709 error while loading create database character set

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12710 CREATE CONTROLFILE character set is not known

    Cause: The character set specified when creating the control file is unknown.

    Action: Specify a known character set.

ORA-12711 this CREATE CONTROLFILE character set is not allowed

    Cause: It is not allowed to create a control file on a native ASCII-based machine using an EBCDIC-based character set, and vice versa.

    Action: Create the correct control file for machine and character set.

ORA-12712 new character set must be a superset of old character set

    Cause: When you ALTER DATABASE ... CHARACTER SET, the new character set must be a superset of the old character set. For example, WE8ISO8859P1 is not a superset of the WE8DEC.

    Action: Specify a superset character set.

ORA-12713 Character data loss in NCHAR/CHAR conversion

    Cause: When character set conversion happens between CHAR and NCHAR either implicitly or explicitly, some characters are lost due to no mapping characters in the destination character set.

    Action: Make sure all the characters can be mapped to destination character set or set NLS_NCHAR_CONV_EXCP to false.

ORA-12714 invalid national character set specified

    Cause: Only UTF8 and AL16UTF16 are allowed to be used as the national character set.

    Action: Ensure that the specified national character set is valid.

ORA-12715 invalid character set specified

    Cause: The character set specified is not allowed for this operation or is invalid.

    Action: Ensure that the specified character set is valid.

ORA-12716 Cannot ALTER DATABASE CHARACTER SET when CLOB data exists

    Cause: CLOB data changes representation to Unicode when converting to a multibyte character set and must be migrated.

    Action: Remove CLOB data as listed in the alert file. CLOB data can be migrated by methods such as export/import.

ORA-12717 Cannot ALTER DATABASE NATIONAL CHARACTER SET when NCLOB data exists

    Cause: NCLOB data changes representation to Unicode when converting to a multibyte character set and must be migrated.

    Action: Remove NCLOB data as listed in the alert file. NCLOB data can be migrated by methods such as export/import.

ORA-12718 operation requires connection as SYS

    Cause: This command can only be run when connecting as user SYS.

    Action: Connect as user SYS to run this command.

ORA-12719 operation requires database is in RESTRICTED mode

    Cause: This command can only be run when the database is in RESTRICTED mode.

    Action: Ensure that the system is in RESTRICTED mode.

ORA-12720 operation requires database is in EXCLUSIVE mode

    Cause: This command can only be run when the database is in EXCLUSIVE mode.

    Action: Ensure that the system is in EXCLUSIVE mode.

ORA-12721 operation cannot execute when other sessions are active

    Cause: This command can only be run when there are no other sessions active.

    Action: Ensure there are no other connections to the database.

ORA-12800 system appears too busy for parallel query execution

    Cause: Load on the system is too high to perform parallel queries.

    Action: Re-execute serially or wait until the system load is reduced.

ORA-12801 error signaled in parallel query server string

    Cause: A parallel query server reached an exception condition.

    Action: Check the following error message for the cause.

ORA-12802 parallel query server lost contact with coordinator

    Cause: A parallel query server lost contact with the foreground (coordinator) process/thread.

    Action: Check your system for anomalies and reissue the statement. If this error persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12803 parallel query server lost contact with another server

    Cause: A parallel query server lost contact with another server.

    Action: Check your system for anomalies and reissue the statement. If this error persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12804 parallel query server appears to have died

    Cause: Cannot find process information for a parallel query server thread.

    Action: Check your system for anomalies and reissue the statement. If this error persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12805 parallel query server died unexpectedly

    Cause: A parallel query server died unexpectedly, PMON cleaning up the process.

    Action: Check your system for anomalies and reissue the statement. If this error persists, then contact Oracle Support Services. See trace file for more details.

ORA-12806 could not get background process to hold enqueue

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: This error should not normally occur. If it persists, THEN contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12807 process queue could not receive parallel query message

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: This error should not normally occur. If it persists, THEN contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12808 cannot set string_INSTANCES greater than number of instances string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set SCAN_INSTANCES or CACHE_INSTANCES using the ALTER SYSTEM statement to a value larger than the number of available instances.

    Action: See the accompanying message for the current allowable maximum value, or set SCAN_INSTANCES / CACHE_INSTANCES to ALL.

ORA-12809 cannot set string_INSTANCES when mounted in exclusive mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to set SCAN_INSTANCES or CACHE_INSTANCES using the ALTER SYSTEM statement while the database was mounted in exclusive mode.

    Action: SCAN_INSTANCES / CACHE_INSTANCES may not be set unless running Oracle9i Real Application Clusters mounted in CLUSTER_DATABASE mode.

ORA-12810 PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS must be less than or equal to string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS parameter to a value higher than the maximum allowed by the system.

    Action: Set PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS to a value less than or equal to the maximum specified in the accompanying message and retry.

ORA-12811 PARALLEL_MIN_SERVERS must be less than or equal to PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS, string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the PARALLEL_MIN_SERVERS parameter to a value higher than PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS.

    Action: Set PARALLEL_MIN_SERVERS to a value less than or equal to PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS (indicated in the accompanying message) and retry.

ORA-12812 only one PARALLEL or NOPARALLEL clause may be specified

    Cause: PARALLEL was specified more than once, NOPARALLEL was specified more than once, or both PARALLEL and NOPARALLEL were specified in a CREATE TABLE, CLUSTER, or INDEX or in an ALTER TABLE or CLUSTER statement, or in a RECOVER command.

    Action: Remove all but one of the PARALLEL or NOPARALLEL clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-12813 value for PARALLEL or DEGREE must be greater than 0

    Cause: PARALLEL 0 or DEGREE 0 was specified in a CREATE TABLE, CLUSTER, or INDEX or in an ALTER TABLE or CLUSTER statement.

    Action: Specify a degree of parallelism greater than 0 or specify default parallelism using PARALLEL with no degree or using DEGREE DEFAULT within a PARALLEL clause.

ORA-12814 only one CACHE or NOCACHE clause may be specified

    Cause: CACHE was specified more than once, NOCACHE was specified more than once, or both CACHE and NOCACHE were specified in a CREATE TABLE or CLUSTER, or in an ALTER TABLE or CLUSTER statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the CACHE or NOCACHE clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-12815 value for INSTANCES must be greater than 0

    Cause: PARALLEL parameter specifying number of instances must be a positive integer or DEFAULT.

    Action: specify a positive integer or DEFAULT for INSTANCES if parallelism across instances is desired.

ORA-12816 parallel create index fastpath operation

    Cause: The parallel create index fastpath operation event has been set.

    Action: Set this event only under the supervision Oracle development.

ORA-12817 parallel query option must be enabled

    Cause: A parallel query option feature has been invoked but this option has not been enabled.

    Action: Enable the parallel query option.

ORA-12818 invalid option in PARALLEL clause

    Cause: An unrecognized option was used within a PARALLEL clause.

    Action: specify any combination of DEGREE { n | DEFAULT } and INSTANCES { n | DEFAULT } within the PARALLEL clause.

ORA-12819 missing options in PARALLEL clause

    Cause: PARALLEL clause cannot be empty.

    Action: specify any combination of DEGREE { n | DEFAULT } and INSTANCES { n | DEFAULT } within the PARALLEL clause.

ORA-12820 invalid value for DEGREE

    Cause: Invalid value for DEGREE was specified within a PARALLEL clause.

    Action: Specify a positive integer or DEFAULT for the DEGREE option within a PARALLEL clause.

ORA-12821 invalid value for INSTANCES

    Cause: An invalid value for INSTANCES was specified within a PARALLEL clause.

    Action: Specify a positive integer or DEFAULT for the INSTANCES option within a PARALLEL clause.

ORA-12822 duplicate option in PARALLEL clause

    Cause: DEGREE or INSTANCES was specified more than once within a PARALLEL clause.

    Action: Specify each desired PARALLEL clause option only once.

ORA-12823 default degree of parallelism may not be specified here

    Cause: The PARALLEL keyword was used alone or DEGREE DEFAULT was specified in the PARALLEL clause of an ALTER DATABASE RECOVER statement.

    Action: Respecify with an explicit degree of parallelism.

ORA-12824 INSTANCES DEFAULT may not be specified here

    Cause: INSTANCES DEFAULT was specified in the PARALLEL clause of an ALTER DATABASE RECOVER command.

    Action: Respecify with an explicit value for INSTANCES or omit the INSTANCES option if single instance recovery is desired.

ORA-12825 explicit degree of parallelism must be specified here

    Cause: The DEGREE option was omitted from an ALTER DATABASE RECOVER command.

    Action: Respecify with an explicit degree of parallelism.

ORA-12826 hung parallel query server was killed

    Cause: The parallel query server was hung and subsequently killed.

    Action: Re-execute the query and report suspicious events in the trace file to Oracle Support Services if the error persists.

ORA-12827 insufficient parallel query slaves available

    Cause: PARALLEL_MIN_PERCENT parameter was specified and fewer than minimum slaves were acquired.

    Action: Either re-execute query with lower PARALLEL_MIN_PERCENT or wait until some running queries are completed, thus freeing up slaves.

ORA-12828 Can't start parallel transaction at a remote site

    Cause: PDML transaction cannot be started because we are not in the coordinator site of the distributed transaction.

    Action: Do not use PDML at remote sites.

ORA-12829 Deadlock - itls occupied by siblings at block string of file string

    Cause: A parallel statement failed because all ITLS in the current block are occupied by siblings of the same transaction.

    Action: Increase the value of MAXTRANS of the block or reduce the degree of parallelism for the statement. Re-execute the statement. Report suspicious events in the trace file to Oracle Support Services if the error persists.

ORA-12830 Must COMMIT or ROLLBACK after executing parallel INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE

    Cause: After executing a parallel INSERT/UPDATE/DELETE statement, a command other than COMMIT or ROLLBACK was issued.

    Action: Execute COMMIT or ROLLBACK before issuing another SQL command.

ORA-12831 Must COMMIT or ROLLBACK after executing INSERT with APPEND hint

    Cause: After executing an INSERT statement with an APPEND hint, a command other than COMMIT or ROLLBACK was issued.

    Action: Execute COMMIT or ROLLBACK before issuing another SQL command.

ORA-12832 Could not allocate slaves on all specified instances

    Cause: After executing a query on a global v$ fixed view, one or more instances failed to allocate a slave to process query.

    Action: To allow results to be returned by successfully allocated slaves, execute ALTER SESSION SET ALLOW_PARTIAL_SN_RESULTS=TRUE statement, or check parameters of instances.

ORA-12833 Coordinator's instance not a member of parallel_instance_group

    Cause: The coordinator's instance must be a member of the PARALLEL_INSTANCE_GROUP in which this operation will be run.

    Action: Either add the coordinator's instance to the current PARALLEL_INSTANCE_GROUP or change PARALLEL_INSTANCE_GROUP.

ORA-12834 Instance group name, 'string', too long, must be less than string characters

    Cause: The instance group name is too long.

    Action: Either shorten the name or get rid of the instance group.

ORA-12835 No instances are active in the GLOBAL_VIEW_ADMIN_GROUP

    Cause: There must be at least one instance in the GLOBAL_VIEW_ADMIN_GROUP in order to execute a query on global views.

    Action: Change the value of GLOBAL_VIEW_ADMIN_GROUP.

ORA-12838 cannot read/modify an object after modifying it in parallel

    Cause: Within the same transaction, an attempt was made to add read or modification statements on a table after it had been modified in parallel or with direct load. This is not permitted.

    Action: Rewrite the transaction, or break it up into two transactions: one containing the initial modification and the second containing the parallel modification operation.

ORA-12839 cannot modify an object in parallel after modifying it

    Cause: Within the same transaction, an attempt was made to perform parallel modification operations on a table after it had been modified. This is not permitted.

    Action: Rewrite the transaction or break it up into two transactions: one containing the parallel modification and the second containing the initial modification operation.

ORA-12840 cannot access a remote table after parallel/insert direct load txn

    Cause: Within a transaction, an attempt was made to perform distributed access after a PDML or insert direct statement had been issued.

    Action: Commit/roll back the PDML transaction first, and then perform the distributed access, or perform the distributed access before the first PDML statement in the transaction.

ORA-12841 Cannot alter the session parallel DML state within a transaction

    Cause: Transaction in progress.

    Action: Commit or roll back the transaction and then re-execute.

ORA-12842 schema modified during parallel execution

    Cause: Schema modified during the parse phase of parallel processing.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12843 pdml lock not held properly on the table

    Cause: The coodinator crashed or released the lock on the partition which the slave is trying to aquire.

    Action: Check if the coordinator or some of the other slaves died. Also check that the lock has not been corrupted. Issue the PDML again.

ORA-12900 must specify a default temporary tablespace for a locally managed database

    Cause: A locally managed database must have a temporary tablespace other than SYSTEM tablespace.

    Action: Specify the default temporary tablespace when creating a locally managed database.

ORA-12901 Default temporary tablespace must be of TEMPORARY type

    Cause: In a locally managed database, default temporary tablespace must be TEMPORARY type.

    Action:

ORA-12902 default temporary tablespace must be SYSTEM or of TEMPORARY type

    Cause: In a dictionary-managed database, default temporary tablespace must be SYSTEM or TEMPORARY type.

    Action:

ORA-12903 default temporary tablespace must be an ONLINE tablespace

ORA-12904 default temporary tablespace cannot be altered to PERMANENT type

ORA-12905 default temporary tablespace cannot be brought OFFLINE

ORA-12906 cannot drop default temporary tablespace

ORA-12907 tablespace string is already the default temporary tablespace

ORA-12908 cannot specify SYSTEM as default temporary tablespace when creating database

ORA-12909 TEMPORARY keyword expected

ORA-12910 cannot specify temporary tablespace as default tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to assign a temporary tablespace to be a user's default tablespace.

    Action: Assign a permanent tablespace to be the default tablespace.

ORA-12911 permanent tablespace cannot be temporary tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to assign a permanent tablespace to be a user's temporary tablespace.

    Action: Assign a temporary tablespace to be user's temporary tablespace.

ORA-12912 Dictionary managed tablespace specified as temporary tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to assign a dictionary managed tablespace to be a user's temporary tablespace.

    Action: Assign a locally managed temporary tablespace to be the user's temporary tablespace.

ORA-12913 Cannot create dictionary managed tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a dictionary managed tablespace in a database whose SYSTEM tablespace is locally managed.

    Action: Create a locally managed tablespace.

ORA-12914 Cannot migrate tablespace to dictionary managed type

    Cause: An attempt was made to migrate a locally managed tablespace to dictionary managed type when the database has a locally managed SYSTEM tablespace.

    Action: Such an operation cannot be issued.

ORA-12915 Cannot alter dictionary managed tablespace to read write

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a dictionary managed tablespace to read write in a database whose SYSTEM tablespace is locally managed. This tablespace can only be dropped.

    Action: Such an operation cannot be issued.

ORA-12920 database is already in force logging mode

    Cause: The ALTER DATABASE FORCE LOGGING statement failed because the database is already in force logging mode.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12921 database is not in force logging mode

    Cause: The ALTER DATABASE NO FORCE LOGGING statement failed because the database is not in force logging mode.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12922 concurrent ALTER DATABASE [NO] FORCE LOGGING command is running

    Cause: There is a concurrent ALTER DATABASE FORCE LOGGING or ALTER DATABASE NO FORCE LOGGING statement running in the system.

    Action: Contact the database administrator who is responsible for the concurrent statement.

ORA-12923 tablespace string is in force logging mode

    Cause: An attempt to alter the specified temporary tablespace failed because the tablespace is in force logging mode.

    Action: Put the tablespace out of force logging mode by issuing an ALTER TABLESPACE NO FORCE LOGGING statement.

ORA-12924 tablespace string is already in force logging mode

    Cause: An attempt to alter the specified tablespace into force logging mode failed because it is already in force logging mode.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12925 tablespace string is not in force logging mode

    Cause: An attempt to alter the specified tablespace out of force logging mode failed because it is not in force logging mode.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-12926 FORCE LOGGING option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the FORCE LOGGING option was specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the FORCE LOGGING options.

ORA-12980 checkpoint option not allowed with SET UNUSED

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify checkpoint option with SET UNUSED.

    Action: Remove the checkpoint option.

ORA-12981 cannot drop column from an object type table

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column from an object type table.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-12982 cannot drop column from a nested table

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column from a nested table.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-12983 cannot drop all columns in a table

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop all columns in a table.

    Action: Make sure at least one column remains in the table after the drop column operation.

ORA-12984 cannot drop partitioning column

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column used as the partitioning key.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-12985 tablespace 'string' is read only, cannot drop column

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop column from a partition/subpartition on a read-only tablespace.

    Action: Set the tablespace to read write and resubmit statement.

ORA-12986 columns in partially dropped state. Submit ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMNS CONTINUE

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a table with columns in partially dropped state (that is, drop column operation was interrupted).

    Action: Submit ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMNS CONTINUE to complete the drop column operation before accessing the table.

ORA-12987 cannot combine drop column with other operations

    Cause: An attempt was made to combine drop column with other ALTER TABLE operations.

    Action: Ensure that drop column is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE.

ORA-12988 cannot drop column from table owned by SYS

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column from a system table.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-12989 invalid value for checkpoint interval

    Cause: An invalid checkpoint interval specified in statement. Checkpoint interval must be between 0 and (2^31-1).

    Action: Correct checkpoint interval and resubmit statement.

ORA-12990 duplicate option specified

    Cause: Duplicate option specified in statement.

    Action: Remove the duplicate option and resubmit statement.

ORA-12991 column is referenced in a multi-column constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column referenced by some constraints.

    Action: Drop all constraints referencing the dropped column or specify CASCADE CONSTRAINTS in statement.

ORA-12992 cannot drop parent key column

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a parent key column.

    Action: Drop all constraints referencing the parent key column, or specify CASCADE CONSTRAINTS in statement.

ORA-12993 tablespace 'string' is offline, cannot drop column

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a column from a partition/subpartition on an offline tablespace.

    Action: Bring the tablespace online and resubmit statement.

ORA-12994 drop column option only allowed once in statement

    Cause: An attempt was made to repeat the drop column option in a single statement.

    Action: Separate drop column options into different statements and resubmit statements.

ORA-12995 no columns in partially dropped state

    Cause: An attempt was made to submit DROP COLUMNS CONTINUE statement while there are no partially dropped columns.

    Action: Cannot submit this statement.

ORA-12996 cannot drop system-generated virtual column

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a virtual column generated by the system.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-12997 cannot drop primary key column from an index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a primary key column from an index- organized table.

    Action: This action is not allowed.

ORA-13000 dimension number is out of range

    Cause: The specified dimension is either smaller than 1 or greater than the number of dimensions encoded in the HHCODE.

    Action: Make sure that the dimension number is between 1 and the maximum number of dimensions encoded in the HHCODE.

ORA-13001 dimensions mismatch error

    Cause: The number of dimensions in two HHCODEs involved in a binary HHCODE operation do not match.

    Action: Make sure that the number of dimensions in the HHCODEs match.

ORA-13002 specified level is out of range

    Cause: The specified level is either smaller than 1 or greater than the maximum level encoded in an HHCODE.

    Action: Verify that all levels are between 1 and the maximum number of levels encoded in the HHCODE.

ORA-13003 the specified range for a dimension is invalid

    Cause: The specified range for a dimension is invalid.

    Action: Make sure that the lower bound (lb) is less than the upper bound (ub).

ORA-13004 the specified buffer size is invalid

    Cause: The buffer size for a function is not valid.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13005 recursive HHCODE function error

    Cause: An error occurred in a recursively called HHCODE function.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13006 the specified cell number is invalid

    Cause: The cell identifier is either less than 0 or greater than (2^ndim - 1).

    Action: Make sure that the cell identifier is between 0 and (2^ndim - 1).

ORA-13007 an invalid HEX character was detected

    Cause: A character that is not in the range [0-9] or [A-Fa-f] was detected.

    Action: Verify that all characters in a string are in the range [0-9] or [A-Fa-f].

ORA-13008 the specified date format has an invalid component

    Cause: Part of the specified date format is invalid.

    Action: Verify that the date format is valid.

ORA-13009 the specified date string is invalid

    Cause: The specified date string has a bad component or does not match the specified format string.

    Action: Make sure that the components of the date string are valid and that the date and format strings match.

ORA-13010 an invalid number of arguments has been specified

    Cause: An invalid number of arguments was specified for an SDO function.

    Action: Verify the syntax of the function call.

ORA-13011 value is out of range

    Cause: A specified dimension value is outside the range defined for that dimension.

    Action: Make sure that all values to be encoded are within the defined dimension range.

ORA-13012 an invalid window type was specified

    Cause: An invalid window type was specified.

    Action: Valid window types are RANGE, PROXIMITY, POLYGON.

ORA-13013 the specified topology was not INTERIOR or BOUNDARY

    Cause: A topology was specified that was not INTERIOR or BOUNDARY.

    Action: Make sure that INTERIOR or BOUNDARY is used to describe an HHCODE's topology.

ORA-13014 a topology identifier outside the range of 1 to 8 was specified

    Cause: A topology identifier outside the range of 1 to 8 was specified.

    Action: Specify a topology in the range of 1 to 8.

ORA-13015 the window definition is not valid

    Cause: The number of values used to define the window does not correspond to the window type.

    Action: Verify that the number of values used to define the window is correct for the window type and number of dimensions.

ORA-13016 bad partition definition

    Cause: The partition common code was not correctly decoded.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13017 unrecognized line partition shape

    Cause: The shape of a 2-D line partition could not be determined.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13018 bad distance type

    Cause: The specified distance type is invalid.

    Action: The only supported distance functions are EUCLID and MANHATTAN.

ORA-13019 coordinates out of bounds

    Cause: Vertex coordinates lie outside the valid range for the specified dimension.

    Action: Re-define vertex coordinates within specified boundaries.

ORA-13020 coordinate is NULL

    Cause: A vertex coordinate has a NULL value.

    Action: Re-define vertex coordinate to have a non-NULL value.

ORA-13021 element not continuous

    Cause: The coordinates defining a geometric element are not connected.

    Action: Re-define coordinates for the geometric element.

ORA-13022 polygon crosses itself

    Cause: The coordinates defining a polygonal geometric element represent crossing segments.

    Action: Re-define the coordinates for the polygon.

ORA-13023 interior element interacts with exterior element

    Cause: An interior element of a geometric object interacts with the exterior element of that object.

    Action: Re-define coordinates for the geometric elements.

ORA-13024 polygon has less than three segments

    Cause: The coordinates defining a polygonal geometric element represent less than three segments.

    Action: Re-define the coordinates for the polygon.

ORA-13025 polygon does not close

    Cause: The coordinates defining a polygonal geometric element represent an open polygon.

    Action: Re-define the coordinates of the polygon.

ORA-13026 unknown element type for element string.string.string

    Cause: The SDO_ETYPE column in the layer_SDOGEOM table contains an invalid geometric element type value.

    Action: Re-define the geometric element type in the layer_SDOGEOM table for the specified geometric element using one of the supported SDO_ETYPE values. See the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for an explanation of SDO_ETYPE and its possible values.

ORA-13027 unable to read dimension definition from string

    Cause: There was a problem reading the dimension definition from the layer_SDODIM table.

    Action: Verify that the layer_SDODIM table exists and that the appropriate privileges exist on the table. Address any other errors that might appear with the message.

ORA-13028 Invalid Gtype in the SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is an invalid SDO_GTYPE in the SDO_GEOMETRY object.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid gtypes.

ORA-13029 Invalid SRID in the SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is an invalid SDO_SRID in the SDO_GEOMETRY object. The specified SRID may be outside the valid SRID range.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid SRIDs.

ORA-13030 Invalid dimension for the SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is a mismatch between the dimension in the SDO_GTYPE and the dimension in the SDO_GEOM_METADATA for the SDO_GEOMETRY object.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid dimensionality.

ORA-13031 Invalid Gtype in the SDO_GEOMETRY object for point object

    Cause: There is an invalid SDO_GTYPE in the SDO_GEOMETRY object where the VARRAYs are NULL but the SDO_GTYPE is not of type POINT.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid gtypes.

ORA-13032 Invalid NULL SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There are invalid SDO_POINT_TYPE, SDO_ELEM_INFO_ARRAY, or SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY fields in the SDO_GEOMETRY object.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid fields. To specify a NULL Geometry, specify the whole SDO_GEOMETRY as NULL instead of setting each field to NULL.

ORA-13033 Invalid data in the SDO_ELEM_INFO_ARRAY in SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is invalid data in the SDO_ELEM_INFO_ARRAY field of the SDO_GEOMETRY object. The triplets in this field do not make up a valid geometry.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid data.

ORA-13034 Invalid data in the SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY in SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is invalid data in the SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY field of the SDO_GEOMETRY object. The coordinates in this field do not make up a valid geometry. There may be NULL values for X, Y, or both.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid data.

ORA-13035 Invalid data (arcs in geodetic data) in the SDO_GEOMETRY object

    Cause: There is invalid data in the SDO_ELEM_INFO_ARRAY field of the SDO_GEOMETRY object. There are arcs in a geometry that has geodetic coordinates.

    Action: Verify that the geometries have valid data.

ORA-13036 Operation [string] not supported for Point Data

    Cause: The specified geometry function is not supported for Point data.

    Action: Make sure that the specified geometry function is not called on point data.

ORA-13037 SRIDs do not match for the two geometries

    Cause: A Spatial operation is invoked with two geometries where one geometry has an SRID and the other geometry does not have an SRID.

    Action: Make sure that the spatial operations are invoked between two geometries with compatible SRIDs.

ORA-13039 failed to update spatial index for element string.string.string

    Cause: Another error will accompany this message that will indicate the problem.

    Action: Correct any accompanying errors. If no accompanying error message appears, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13040 failed to subdivide tile

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Note any accompanying errors and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13041 failed to compare tile with element string.string.string

    Cause: The spatial relationship between a generated tile and the specified element could not be determined.

    Action: This is an internal error. Verify the geometry using the VALIDATE_GEOMETRY procedure. If the procedure does not return any errors, then note any errors which accompany ORA-13041 and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13042 invalid SDO_LEVEL and SDO_NUMTILES combination

    Cause: An invalid combination of SDO_LEVEL and SDO_NUMTILES values was read from the layer_SDOLAYER table. The most likely cause is that the columns are NULL.

    Action: Verify that the SDO_LEVEL and SDO_NUMTILES columns contain valid integer values as described in the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference. Retry the operation.

ORA-13043 failed to read meta data from the layer_SDOLAYER table

    Cause: An error was encountered reading the layer meta data from the layer_SDOLAYER table.

    Action: This error is usually the result of an earlier error which should also have been reported. Address this accompanying error and retry the current operation. If no accompanying error was reported, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13044 the specified tile size exceeds the maximum resolution

    Cause: The tile size specified for fixed size tessellation exceeds the maximum resolution as computed from the layer meta data.

    Action: See the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for an explanation of tiling levels, tile size, and tiling resolution. Ensure that the tiling parameters are set such that any generated tile is always larger than or equal to a tile at the maximum level of resolution. This can be achieved by using a fewer number of tiles per geometric object or specifying a lesser tile size value than the current one.

ORA-13045 invalid compatibility flag

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13046 invalid number of arguments

    Cause: An invalid number of arguments was specified for an SDO_GEOM function.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for a description of the syntax and semantics of the relevant SDO_GEOM function.

ORA-13047 unable to determine ordinate count from table layer_SDOLAYER

    Cause: An SDO_GEOM function was unable to determine the number of ordinates for the SDO layer layer.

    Action: Verify that the layer_SDOLAYER table has a valid value for the column SDO_ORDCNT. Retry the operation.

ORA-13048 recursive SQL fetch error

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13049 unable to determine tolerance value from table layer_SDODIM

    Cause: An SDO_GEOM function was unable to determine the tolerance value for the SDO layer layer.

    Action: Verify that the layer_SDODIM table has a valid value for the column SDO_TOLERANCE.

ORA-13050 unable to construct spatial object

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13051 failed to initialize spatial object

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13052 unsupported geometric type for geometry string.string

    Cause: The geometry type for a specific instance in a layer_SDOGEOM table is not among the set of geometry types supported by the Oracle Spatial Cartridge.

    Action: Check the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for the list of supported geometry types and workarounds that permit the storage and retrieval of non-supported geometric types with the SDO schema.

ORA-13053 maximum number of geometric elements in argument list exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of geometric elements that can be specified in the argument list for an SDO_GEOM function was exceeded.

    Action: Check the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for the syntax of the SDO_GEOM function and use fewer arguments to describe the geometry, or check the description of the SDO_WINDOW package for a workaround that permits storing the object in a table and then using it as an argument in a call to the SDO_GEOM function.

ORA-13054 recursive SQL parse error

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13055 Oracle object string does not exist in specified table

    Cause: The requested object is not present in the specified table.

    Action: Verify the syntax of the function or procedure that reported this error and verify that the object does indeed exist in the specified table. Retry the operation.

ORA-13108 spatial table string not found

    Cause: The specified spatial table does not exist.

    Action: Check the Spatial Data option data dictionary to make sure that the table is registered.

ORA-13109 spatial table string exists

    Cause: The specified spatial table is registered in the Spatial Data option data dictionary.

    Action: Remove the existing table from the Spatial Data option data dictionary or use a different name.

ORA-13110 spatial table string is not partitioned

    Cause: The specified spatial table is not partitioned.

    Action: Check the Spatial Data option data dictionary and make sure that a high water mark is set.

ORA-13111 spatial table string has no partition key defined

    Cause: The specified spatial table does not have a partition key defined.

    Action: Check the Spatial Data option data dictionary and make sure that the table is partitioned.

ORA-13112 invalid count mode string

    Cause: The specified count mode is not valid.

    Action: Alter the count mode. Valid count modes are ESTIMATE or EXACT.

ORA-13113 Oracle table string does not exist

    Cause: The specified Oracle table does not exist.

    Action: Check the Oracle7 data dictionary and make sure that the table exists.

ORA-13114 tablespace string not found

    Cause: The specified tablespace does not exist.

    Action: Check the Oracle7 data dictionary and make sure that the specified tablespace exists and that there is a space quota defined on it.

ORA-13115 tablespace string is already allocated

    Cause: The specified tablespace is already allocated to the spatial table.

    Action: Allocate another tablespace name to the table.

ORA-13116 tablespace string is not allocated to table string

    Cause: The specified tablespace is not allocated to the specified spatial table.

    Action: Allocate the tablespace to the spatial table.

ORA-13117 partition string not found

    Cause: The specified partition does not exist.

    Action: Verify the name of the partition by checking the Spatial Data option data dictionary.

ORA-13119 source and target tablespaces are identical

    Cause: Identical source and target tablespaces were specified when trying to move partition.

    Action: Specify different source and target tablespaces if you wish to move a partition.

ORA-13121 failed to create child partition

    Cause: The creation of a child partition failed.

    Action: Check for other errors that accompany this error and correct them first.

ORA-13122 child partition string not found

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13123 column string is already defined

    Cause: The specified column is already defined for the spatial table.

    Action: Use a different column name.

ORA-13124 unable to determine column id for column string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13125 partition key is already set

    Cause: A partition key is already set for the spatial table.

    Action: Only one partition key can be specified per spatial table.

ORA-13126 unable to determine class for spatial table string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13127 failed to generate target partition

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13128 current tiling level exceeds user specified tiling level

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13129 HHCODE column string not found

    Cause: The specified spatial column does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the specified column is a spatial column by checking the Spatial Data option data dictionary.

ORA-13135 failed to alter spatial table

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13136 null common code generated

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13137 failed to generate tablespace sequence number

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13138 could not determine name of object string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13139 could not obtain column definition for string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13140 invalid target type

    Cause: The specified target type is not valid.

    Action: Substitute a valid target type. Valid target types are TABLE or VIEW.

ORA-13141 invalid RANGE window definition

    Cause: The RANGE window specified is not correctly defined.

    Action: A RANGE window is defined by specifying the lower and upper boundary of each dimension as a pair of values (for example, such as: lower_bound1,upper_bound1,lower_bound2,upper_bound2,...). There should be an even number of values.

ORA-13142 invalid PROXIMITY window definition

    Cause: The PROXIMITY window specified is not correctly defined.

    Action: A PROXIMITY window is defined by specifying a center point and a radius. The center point is defined by ND values. There should be ND+1 values.

ORA-13143 invalid POLYGON window definition

    Cause: The POLYGON window specified is not correctly defined.

    Action: A POLYGON window is defined by specifying N pairs of values that represent the vertices of the polygon. There should be an even number of values.

ORA-13144 target table string not found

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Document messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13145 failed to generate range list

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Document messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13146 could not find table substitution variable string

    Cause: The partition name substitution variable string was not found in the SQL filter.

    Action: The substitution variable string must be in the SQL filter to indicate where that partition name should be placed.

ORA-13147 failed to generate MBR

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Document messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13148 failed to generate SQL filter

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Document messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13149 failed to generate next sequence number for spatial table string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Document messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13150 failed to insert exception record

    Cause: Operation failed to insert a record into the exception table.

    Action: Fix any other errors reported.

ORA-13151 failed to remove exception record

    Cause: Operation failed to insert a record into the exception table.

    Action: Fix any other errors reported.

ORA-13152 invalid HHCODE type

    Cause: The specified HHCODE type is not valid.

    Action: Substitute a valid HHCODE type. Valid HHCODE types are POINT and LINE.

ORA-13153 invalid high water mark specified

    Cause: The highwater mark must be greater than or equal to zero.

    Action: Make sure that the highwater mark is an integer greater than or equal to zero.

ORA-13154 invalid precision specified

    Cause: The precision specified is out of range.

    Action: The precision must be an integer greater than or equal to zero.

ORA-13155 invalid number of dimensions specified

    Cause: The number of dimensions specified is out of range.

    Action: The number of dimensions must be between 1 and 32.

ORA-13156 table to be registered string.string is not empty

    Cause: The specified table has rows in it.

    Action: Make sure that the table to be registered is empty.

ORA-13157 Oracle error ORAstring encountered while string

    Cause: The specified Oracle error was encountered.

    Action: Correct the Oracle error.

ORA-13158 Oracle object string does not exist

    Cause: The specified object does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the specified object exists.

ORA-13159 Oracle table string already exists

    Cause: The specified table already exists.

    Action: Drop the specified table.

ORA-13181 unable to determine length of column string_SDOINDEX.SDO_CODE

    Cause: The length of the SDO_CODE column in the layer_SDOINDEX table could not be determined.

    Action: Make sure that the layer_SDOINDEX table exists with the SDO_CODE column. Verify that the appropriate privileges exist on the table. Retry the operation.

ORA-13182 failed to read element string.string.string

    Cause: The specified element could not be read from the layer_SDOGEOM table.

    Action: Verify that the specified element exists in the table. Retry the operation.

ORA-13183 unsupported geometric type for geometry string.string

    Cause: The geometry type in the layer_SDOGEOM table is unsupported.

    Action: Modify the geometry type to be one of the supported types.

ORA-13184 failed to initialize tessellation package

    Cause: Initialization of the tessellation package failed.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13185 failed to generate initial HHCODE

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13186 fixed tile size tessellation failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13187 subdivision failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13188 cell decode failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13189 recursive SQL parse failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13190 recursive SQL fetch failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13191 failed to read SDO_ORDCNT value

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13192 failed to read number of element rows

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13193 failed to allocate space for geometry

    Cause: There was insufficient memory to read the geometry from the database.

    Action: Validate the geometry. Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13194 failed to decode supercell

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13195 failed to generate maximum tile value

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Record the error messages that are returned and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13196 failed to compute supercell for element string.string.string

    Cause: The system was unable to compute the minimum bounding HHCODE or supercell for the geometry.

    Action: Another error might accompany this error. Correct the accompanying error. Also, validate the geometry for correctness.

ORA-13197 element string.string.string is out of range

    Cause: Tessellation did not generate any tiles for this element. This error could be caused if the geometry definition puts the geometry outside the domain defined in the layer_SDODIM table.

    Action: Verify that the geometry is valid and within the defined domain.

ORA-13198 Spatial Cartridge error: string

    Cause: Internal error in some Spatial Cartridge stored procedure.

    Action: Record the sequence of procedure calls or events that preceeded this error and contact Oracle Support Services if the error message text does not clearly specify the cause of the error.

ORA-13199 string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13200 internal error [string] in spatial indexing.

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error text.

ORA-13201 invalid parameters supplied in CREATE INDEX statement

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to parse the parameters clause for the spatial CREATE INDEX statement.

    Action: Check the Spatial Cartridge User Guide for the number, syntax, and semantics of expected parameters for spatial index creation.

ORA-13202 failed to create or insert into the SDO_INDEX_METADATA table

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to create the SDO_INDEX_METADATA table or insert data into it.

    Action: Verify that the current user has CREATE TABLE privilege and that the user has sufficient quota in the default or specified tablespace.

ORA-13203 failed to read USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA table

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to read USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA table.

    Action: Check that USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA has an entry for the current geometry table.

ORA-13204 failed to create spatial index table

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to create the index table.

    Action: Check that user has create table privilege in the current schema and that the user has sufficient quota in the default or specified tablespace.

ORA-13205 internal error while parsing spatial parameters

    Cause: An internal error was encountered while parsing the spatial parameters.

    Action: Check to make sure that the parameters passed in the parameter string are all valid.

ORA-13206 internal error [string] while creating the spatial index

    Cause: An internal error was encountered while creating the spatial index.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error text.

ORA-13207 incorrect use of the [string] operator

    Cause: An error was encountered while evaluating the specified operator.

    Action: Check the parameters and the return type of the specified operator.

ORA-13208 internal error while evaluating [string] operator

    Cause: An internal error was encountered.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error text.

ORA-13209 internal error while reading SDO_INDEX_METADATA table

    Cause: An internal error was encountered while trying to read SDO_INDEX_METADATA table.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services. Note this and accompanying error numbers.

ORA-13210 error inserting data into the index table

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to insert data into the index table. Likely causes are:

        * Insufficient quota in the current tablespace
        * User does not appropriate privileges

    Action: Check the accompanying error messages.

ORA-13211 failed to tessellate the window object

    Cause: An internal error was encountered while trying to tessellate the window object.

    Action: Verify the geometric integrity of the window object using the VALIDATE_GEOMETRY procedure.

ORA-13212 failed to compare tile with the window object

    Cause: The spatial relationship between a generated tile and the specified window object could not be determined.

    Action: This is an internal error. Verify the geometry using the VALIDATE_GEOMETRY procedure. If the procedure does not return any errors, then note any accompanying errors and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13213 failed to generate spatial index for window object

    Cause: Another error, indicating the real cause of the problem, should accompany this error.

    Action: Correct any accompanying errors. If no accompanying error message appears, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13214 failed to compute supercell for window object

    Cause: The system was unable to compute the minimum bounding tile or supercell for the geometry.

    Action: Another error might accompany this error. Correct the accompanying error. Also, validate the geometry for correctness.

ORA-13215 window object is out of range

    Cause: Tessellation did not generate any tiles for this geometry. This error could be caused if the geometry definition puts the geometry outside the domain defined in the USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA view.

    Action: Verify that the geometry is valid and within the defined domain.

ORA-13216 failed to update spatial index

    Cause: Another error will accompany this message that will indicate the problem.

    Action: Correct any accompanying errors. If no accompanying error message appears, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13217 invalid parameters supplied in ALTER INDEX statement

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to parse the parameters clause for the spatial ALTER INDEX statement.

    Action: Check the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for the number, syntax, and semantics of expected parameters for spatial alter index command.

ORA-13218 max number of supported index tables reached for [string] index

    Cause: An add_index parameter is passed to ALTER INDEX when the number of existing index tables is already at maximum.

    Action: Delete one of the index tables before adding another index table.

ORA-13219 failed to create spatial index table [string]

    Cause: An error was encountered while trying to create the index table.

    Action: There is a table in the index's schema with the specified name. The create index will try to create an index table with this name. Either rename this table or change the name of the index.

ORA-13220 failed to compare tile with the geometry

    Cause: The spatial relationship between a generated tile and the specified geometry could not be determined.

    Action: This is an internal error. Verify the geometry using the VALIDATE_GEOMETRY procedure. If the procedure does not return any errors, then note any errors which accompany ORA-13220 and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13221 unknown geometry type in the geometry object

    Cause: The SDO_GTYPE attribute in the geometry object contains an invalid value.

    Action: Re-define the geometric type in the geometry table using one of the supported SDO_GTYPE values. See the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for an explanation of SDO_GTYPE and its possible values.

ORA-13222 failed to compute supercell for geometry in string

    Cause: The system was unable to compute the minimum bounding tile or supercell for a geometry in the specified table.

    Action: Another error might accompany this error. Correct the accompanying error. Also, validate the geometry for correctness.

ORA-13223 duplicate entry for string in SDO_GEOM_METADATA table

    Cause: There are duplicate entries for the given table and column value pair in the SDO_GEOM_METADATA table

    Action: Check that the specified table and geometry column names are correct. There should be only one entry per table, geometry column pair in the SDO_GEOME_METADATA table.

ORA-13224 specified index name is too long for a spatial index

    Cause: An index name was specified which is longer than the supported length of the spatial index name.

    Action: Check the supported size of the index name and reduce the size of the index name.

ORA-13225 specified index table name is too long for a spatial index

    Cause: An index table name was specified which is longer than the supported length of the spatial index table name.

    Action: Check the supported size of the index table name and reduce the size of the index name.

ORA-13226 interface not supported without a spatial index

    Cause: The geometry table does not have a spatial index.

    Action: Verify that the geometry table referenced in the spatial operator has a spatial index on it.

ORA-13227 SDO_LEVEL values for the two index tables do not match

    Cause: The SDO_LEVEL values for the two index tables used in the spatial join operator do not match.

    Action: Verify that two compatible indexes are used for the spatial join operator. Indexes are compatible if they have the same SDO_LEVEL and SDO_NUMTILES values.

ORA-13228 Spatial index create failed due to invalid type

    Cause: An Attempt was made to create a spatial index on a column of type other than SDO_GEOMETRY.

    Action: Make sure that the index is created on a column of type SDO_GEOMETRY.

ORA-13230 failed to create temporary table [string] during R-tree creation

    Cause: The specified temporary table either already exists or there is not enough tablespace.

    Action: Delete the table if it already exists and verify if the current user has CREATE TABLE privleges and has sufficient space in the default or specified tablespace.

ORA-13231 failed to create index table [string] during R-tree creation

    Cause: The specified index table either already exists or there is not enough tablespace. Otherwise, contact Oracle Support Services.

    Action: Delete the table if it already exists and verify if the current user has CREATE TABLE privleges and has sufficient space in the default or specified tablespace.

ORA-13232 failed to allocate memory during R-tree creation

    Cause: This feature assumes a minimum of 64 KB memory for bulk creation.

    Action: Create the index for a small subset of the data. Then, use transactional inserts for the rest.

ORA-13233 failed to create sequence number [string] for R-tree

    Cause: The specified sequence number exists.

    Action: Delete the sequence object or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13234 failed to access R-tree-index table [string]

    Cause: The index table is either deleted or corrupted.

    Action: Rebuild the index or contact Oracle Support Services with accompanying error messages.

ORA-13236 internal error in R-tree processing: [string]

    Cause: An internal error occurred in R-tree processing.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with message text.

ORA-13237 internal error during R-tree concurrent updates: [string]

    Cause: An inconsistency was encountered during concurrent updates possibly due to the use of serializable isolation level.

    Action: Change the isolation level to "read committed" using alter session or contact Oracle Support Services with the message text.

ORA-13239 sdo_dimensionality not specified during n-d R-tree creation

    Cause: An error occurred in reading the dimensionality parameter.

    Action: Check the documentation for a valid range and specify the dimensionality as a parameter.

ORA-13240 specified dimensionality greater than that of the query mbr

    Cause: An error occurred because of too few values in query mbr.

    Action: Omit the dimensionality or use the dimensionality of the query.

ORA-13241 specified dimensionality does not match that of the data

    Cause: An error occurred because the dimensionality specified in the CREATE INDEX does not match that of the data.

    Action: Change it to the data dimensionality.

ORA-13242 failed to read tolerance values for n-d R-tree

    Cause: An error occurred in reading the information for the specified table and column in USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA table.

    Action: Insert appropriate row specifying the tolerance.

ORA-13243 specified operator is not supported for n-d R-tree: [string]

    Cause: Currently, an n-d R-tree only supports sdo_filter operator.

    Action: Check the documentation for querytype parameters for sdo_filter or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13249 string

    Cause: An internal error was encountered in the extensible spatial index component. The text of the message is obtained from some other server component.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error text.

ORA-13250 insufficient privileges to modify metadata table entries

    Cause: The user requesting the operation does not have the appropriate privileges on the referenced tables.

    Action: Check that the specified feature and geometry table names are correct and then verify that the current user has at least SELECT privilege on those tables.

ORA-13251 duplicate entry string in metadata table

    Cause: The specified entry already exists in the metadata table.

    Action: Check that the specified feature and geometry table names are correct. A feature-geometry table association should be registered only once.

ORA-13260 layer table string does not exist

    Cause: Data migration source table layer_SDOGEOM does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the specified layername is correct and that the corresponding spatial layer tables exist in the current schema.

ORA-13261 geometry table string does not exist

    Cause: The specified geometry table does not exist in the current schema.

    Action: Create a table containing a column of type SDO_GEOMETRY and a column of type NUMBER for the GID values.

ORA-13262 geometry column string does not exist in table string

    Cause: The specified table does not have a column of type SDO_GEOMETRY.

    Action: Alter or recreate the table such that it includes a column of type SDO_GEOMETRY and a column of type NUMBER.

ORA-13263 column string in table string is not of type SDO_GEOMETRY

    Cause: The column intended for storing the geometry is not of type SDO_GEOMETRY.

    Action: Alter the column definition to be of type SDO_GEOMETRY.

ORA-13264 geometry identifier column string does not exist in table string

    Cause: The specified table does not contain a GID column.

    Action: Confirm that the GID columnname was correctly specified and that it exists in the specified table.

ORA-13265 geometry identifier column string in table string is not of type NUMBER.

    Cause: GID column is not of type NUMBER.

    Action: Alter the table definition such that the column containing the geometry identifier (GID) is of type NUMBER.

ORA-13266 error inserting data into table string

    Cause: An OCI error occurred or the user has insufficient quota in the active tablespace or the rollback segments are too small.

    Action: There should be an accompanying error message that indicates the cause of the problem. Take appropriate action to correct the indicated problem.

ORA-13267 error reading data from layer table string

    Cause: There was an error reading the geometry data from the layer_SDOGEOM table.

    Action: Verify that layer_SDOGEOM and layer_SDODIM exist. If they do exist, then run VALIDATE_GEOMETRY on the specified layer.

ORA-13268 error obtaining dimension from USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA

    Cause: There is no entry in USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA for the specified geometry table.

    Action: Insert an entry for the destination geometry table with the dimension information obtained from the source layer_SDODIM table.

ORA-13269 internal error [string] encountered when processing geometry table

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13270 OCI error string

    Cause: An OCI error occurred while processing the layer or geometry tables.

    Action: Take the appropriate steps to correct the OCI specific error.

ORA-13271 error allocating memory for geometry object

    Cause: Insufficient memory.

    Action: Make more memory available to the current session/process.

ORA-13272 geometric object string in table string is invalid

    Cause: The specified object failed the geometric integrity checks performed by VALIDATE_GEOMETRY.

    Action: Consult the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for information on the geometric integrity checks performed by VALIDATE_GEOMETRY and correct the geometry definition if required.

ORA-13273 dimension metadata table string does not exist

    Cause: The layer_SDODIM table does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the specified layer name is correct and that the layer_SDODIM table exists in the current schema.

ORA-13274 Operator invoked with non compatible SRIDs

    Cause: A Spatial operator was invoked with a window geometry with an SRID and the layer without an SRID or window has no SRID and the layer has an SRID.

    Action: Make sure that the layer and window both have an SRID or they both do not have an SRID.

ORA-13275 Spatial index creation failure on unsupported type

    Cause: A spatial index create was invoked on a column that is not of type SDO_GEOMETRY.

    Action: Spatial index can only be created on a column of type SDO_GEOMETRY. Make sure the indexed column has SDO_GEOMETRY type.

ORA-13276 internal error [string] in coordinate transformation

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13278 failure to convert SRID to native format

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13281 failure in execution of sql statement to retrieve WKT

    Cause: OCI internal error or SRID does not match a table entry.

    Action: Check that a valid SRID is being used.

ORA-13282 failure on initialization of coordinate transformation

    Cause: Parsing error on source or destination coordinate system WKT or incompatible coordinate systems.

    Action: Check validity of WKT for table entries and the legitimacy of the requested transformation.

ORA-13283 failure to get new geometry object for conversion in place

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13284 failure to copy geometry object for conversion in place

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13285 Geometry coordinate transformation error

    Cause: A coordinate pair was out of valid range for a conversion/projection.

    Action: Check that data to be transformed is consistent with the desired conversion/projection.

ORA-13287 can't transform unknown gtype

    Cause: A geometry with a gtype of <= 0 was specified for transformation. Only a gtype >= 1 is allowed.

    Action:

ORA-13288 Point coordinate transformation error

    Cause: An internal error while transforming points.

    Action: Check the accompanying error messages.

ORA-13290 The specified unit is not supported

    Cause: Spatial function called with an unknown UNIT.

    Action: Check the supported units by Spatial and call the spatial function with the correct UNIT parameter.

ORA-13291 Conversion error between the specified unit and standard unit

    Cause: Cannot convert the specified unit from/to standard unit for linear distance, angle, or area.

    Action: Check unit specification and respecify it.

ORA-13292 Incorrect ARC_TOLERANCE specification

    Cause: When a SDO_BUFFER or SDO_AGGR_BUFFER function is called on a Geodetic geometry, or SDO_ARC_DENSIFY is called, ARC_TOLERANCE must be specified and it should not be less than the tolerance specified for the geometry.

    Action: Check ARC_TOLERANCE specification and make sure it is correct.

ORA-13293 Cannot specify unit for geometry without a georeferenced SRID

    Cause: A Spatial function with unit parameter is called on a geometry without a georeferenced SRID.

    Action: Make sure that spatial functions with UNIT parameters are only called on geometries with georeferenced SRIDs.

ORA-13294 Cannot transform geometry containing circular arcs

    Cause: It is impossible to transform a 3-point representation of a circular arc without distortion.

    Action: Make sure a geometry does not contain circular arcs.

ORA-13295 Geometry objects are in different coordinate systems

    Cause: A Spatial function is called with two geometries with two different SRIDs.

    Action: Transform geometry objects to be in the same coordinate system and call the spatial function.

ORA-13296 Incorrect Coordinate System Specification

    Cause: Wrong numbers in WKT for Earth radius or flattening for the current SRID.

    Action: Check WKT in CS_SRS table for Earth radius and inverse flattening.

ORA-13300 Single point transform error

    Cause: Low level coordinate transformation error trap.

    Action: Check the accompanying error messages.

ORA-13303 failure to retrieve a geometry object from a table

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13304 failure to insert a transformed geometry object in a table

    Cause: OCI internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error message text.

ORA-13330 invalid MASK

    Cause: The MASK you passed to RELATE function is not valid.

    Action: Verify that the mask is not NULL. See the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for a list of supported masks.

ORA-13331 invalid LRS segment

    Cause: The given LRS segment was not a valid linestring.

    Action: A valid LRS geometric segment is a line string geometry in Oracle Spatial. It could be a simple or compound line string (made of lines or arcs, or both). The dimension information must include the measure dimension as the last element in Oracle Spatial metadata. Currently, the number of dimensions for an LRS segment must be greater than 2 (x/y or latitude/longitude plus measure).

ORA-13332 invalid LRS point

    Cause: Given LRS point was not a point-geometry with measure information.

    Action: Check the given point geometry.A valid LRS point is a point geometry in Oracle Spatial with additional measure dimension.

ORA-13333 invalid LRS measure

    Cause: The given measure for linear referencing was out of range.

    Action: Re-define the given measure.

ORA-13334 LRS segments not connected

    Cause: The given geometric segments were not connected.

    Action: Check the start/end points of the given geometric segments.

ORA-13335 LRS measure information not defined

    Cause: The measure information of a given geometric segments was not assigned (IS NULL).

    Action: Assign/define the measure information. An LRS geometric segment is defined if its start and end measure are assigned (non-null).

ORA-13336 Failure in converting standard diminfo/geometry to LRS dim/geom

    Cause: No room for measure dimension in the given diminfo or the given standard geometry is not a point a linestring.

    Action: Check if the diminfo dimensions are less than 3 or given geometry type is point or linestring.

ORA-13337 failure in concatenating LRS polygons

    Cause: LRS concatenation involving LRS polygons is not supported.

    Action: Check geometry and element type to make sure the concatenate operation is not called with a polygon type.

ORA-13338 failure in reversing LRS polygon/collection geometry

    Cause: Reversing an LRS polygon/collection geometry produces an invalid geometry as this operation is not well defined for polygon geometry.

    Action: Check the geometry type to make sure this operation is called on non polygon type geometry.

ORA-13339 LRS Polygon clipping across multiple rings

    Cause: Clipping (dynseg) a polygon across multiple rings.

    Action: Polygon clipping only allowed for a single ring.

ORA-13340 a point geometry has more than one coordinate

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being a point, has more than one coordinate in its definition.

    Action: A point has only one coordinate. If this geometry is intended to represent a point cluster, line, or polygon, then set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE value. If this is a single point object, then remove the extraneous coordinates from its definition.

ORA-13341 a line geometry has less than two coordinates

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being a line, has less than two coordinates in its definition.

    Action: A line must consist of at least two distinct coordinates. Correct the geometric definition or set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute for this geometry.

ORA-13342 an arc geometry has less than three coordinates

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being an arc, has less than three coordinates in its definition.

    Action: An arc must consist of at least three distinct coordinates. Correct the geometric definition or set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute for this geometry.

ORA-13343 a polygon geometry has less than four coordinates

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being a polygon, has less than four coordinates in its definition.

    Action: A polygon must consist of at least four distinct coordinates. Correct the geometric definition or set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute for this geometry.

ORA-13344 an arcpolygon geometry has less than five coordinates

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being an arcpolygon, has less than six coordinates in its definition.

    Action: An arcpolygon must consist of at least five coordinates. An arcpolygon consists of an ordered sequence of arcs, each of which must be described using three coordinates. Since arcs are connected, the end-point of the first is the start of the second and does not have to be repeated. Correct the geometric definition or set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute for this geometry.

ORA-13345 a compound polygon geometry has less than five coordinates

    Cause: A geometry, specified as being a compound polygon, has less than five coordinates in its definition.

    Action: A compound polygon must contain at least five coordinates. A compound polygon consists of at least one arc and one line, each of which must be described using three and at least two distinct coordinates, respectively. Correct the geometric definition or set the appropriate SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute for this geometry.

ORA-13346 the coordinates defining an arc are collinear

    Cause: Invalid definition of an arc. An arc is defined using three non-collinear coordinates.

    Action: Alter the definition or the arc or set the SDO_ETYPE or SDO_GTYPE to the line type.

ORA-13347 the coordinates defining an arc are not distinct

    Cause: Two or more of the three points defining an arc are the same.

    Action: Alter the definition of the arc, ensuring that three distinct coordinate values are used.

ORA-13348 polygon boundary is not closed

    Cause: The boundary of a polygon does not close.

    Action: Alter the coordinate values or the definition of the SDO_GTYPE or SDO_ETYPE attribute of the geometry.

ORA-13349 polygon boundary crosses itself

    Cause: The boundary of a polygon intersects itself.

    Action: Correct the geometric definition of the object.

ORA-13350 two or more rings of a complex polygon touch

    Cause: The inner or outer rings of a complex polygon touch.

    Action: All rings of a complex polygon must be disjoint. Correct the geometric description of the object.

ORA-13351 two or more rings of a complex polygon overlap

    Cause: The inner or outer rings of a complex polygon overlap.

    Action: All rings of a complex polygon must be disjoint. Correct the geometric description of the object.

ORA-13352 the coordinates do not describe a circle

    Cause: The set of coordinates used to describe a circle are incorrect.

    Action: Confirm that the set of coordinates actually represent points on the circumference of a circle.

ORA-13353 ELEM_INFO_ARRAY not grouped in threes

    Cause: The ELEM_INFO_ARRAY in SDO_GEOMETRY has more or fewer elements than expected.

    Action: Confirm that the number of elements in ELEM_INFO_ARRAY is divisible by 3.

ORA-13354 incorrect offset in ELEM_INFO_ARRAY

    Cause: The offset field in ELEM_INFO_ARRAY of SDO_GEOMETRY references an invalid array subscript in SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY.

    Action: Confirm that the offset is a valid array subscript in SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY.

ORA-13355 SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY not grouped by number of dimensions specified

    Cause: The number of elements in SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY is not a multiple of the number of dimensions supplied by the user.

    Action: Confirm that the number of dimensions is consistent with data representation in SDO_ORDINATE_ARRAY.

ORA-13356 adjacent points in a geometry are redundant

    Cause: There are repeated points in the sequence of coordinates.

    Action: Remove the redundant point.

ORA-13357 extent type does not contain 2 points

    Cause: Extent type should be represented by 2 points: lower left and upper right.

    Action: Confirm that there are only 2 points for extent type.

ORA-13358 circle type does not contain 3 points

    Cause: Circle type should be represented by 3 distinct points on the circumference.

    Action: Confirm that there are only 3 points for circle type.

ORA-13359 extent does not have an area

    Cause: The 2 points representing the extent are identical.

    Action: Confirm that the 2 points describing the extent type are distinct.

ORA-13360 invalid subtype in a compound type

    Cause: This subtype is not allowed within the ETYPE specified.

    Action: Refer to Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for type definitions.

ORA-13361 not enough sub-elements within a compound ETYPE

    Cause: The compound type declare more sub-elements than actually defined.

    Action: Confirm that the number of sub-elements is consistent with the compound type declaration.

ORA-13362 disjoint sub-element in a compound polygon

    Cause: Compound polygon must describe an enclosed area.

    Action: Confirm that all sub-elements are connected.

ORA-13363 no valid ETYPE in the geometry

    Cause: None of the ETYPEs within the geometry is supported.

    Action: Confirm that there is at least one valid ETYPE.

ORA-13364 Layer Dimensionality does not match geometry dimensions

    Cause: Spatial layer has a geometry with a different dimensions than the dimensions specified for the layer.

    Action: Make sure that all geometries in a layer have the same dimensions and they match the dimensions in the SDO_DIM_ARRAY object for the layer in USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA.

ORA-13365 Layer SRID does not match geometry SRID

    Cause: Spatial layer has a geometry with a different SRID than the SRID specified for the layer.

    Action: Make sure that all geometries in a layer have the same SRID and the SRIDs match the SRID in USER_SDO_GEOM_METADATA for the layer.

ORA-13366 Invalid combination of interior exterior rings

    Cause: In the Spatial geometry, interior and exterior rings are not used consistently.

    Action: Make sure that the interior rings corresponding to an exterior ring follow the exterior ring in the ordinate array.

ORA-13367 Wrong orientation for interior/exterior rings

    Cause: In a spatial geometry, the exterior and/or interior rings are not oriented correctly.

    Action: The exterior rings should be oriented counter clock-wise and interior rings should be oriented clock wise.

ORA-13368 Simple Polygon type has more than one exterior ring

    Cause: In a polygon type geometry, there is more than one exterior ring.

    Action: Set the type to be multi-polygon if more than one exterior is present in the geometry.

ORA-13369 Invalid value for etype in the 4 digit format

    Cause: A 4 digit etype for non polygon type element is used or the orientation is not a valid orientation for interior/exterior rings of the polygon.

ORA-13370 failure in applying 3D LRS functions

    Cause: Only Non-geodetic 3D linestring geometry (made of line segments) are supported for 3D LRS package.

    Action: Check the geometry and element types and SRID.

ORA-13371 invalid position of measure dimension

    Cause: LRS measure dimension has to be after spatial dimensions. The position has to be either 3rd or 4th in dim_info_array.

    Action: Check geometry gtype and its dim_info_array.

ORA-13372 failure in modifying metadata for a table with spatial index

    Cause: Modifying the metadata after the index is created will cause inconsistency between geometry gtype and diminfo.

    Action: Modify(or Prepare) metadata before creating index on sdo_geometry column.

ORA-13373 Element of type Extent is not supported for Geodetic data

    Cause: Element type extent for a polygon geometry is not supported for geodetic data.

    Action: Convert the extent type polygon to a regular 5 point polygon and set etype accordingly.

ORA-13374 SDO_MBR not supported for geodetic data

    Cause: The SDO_MBR functionality is not supported for geodetic data.

    Action: Find an alternative function that can be used in this context.

ORA-13375 The layer is of type [string] while geometry inserted has type [string]

    Cause: The layer has a type that is different or inconsistent with the type of the current geometry.

    Action: Change the geometry type to agree with the layer type or change the layer type to agree with the geometry type.

ORA-13376 Invalid type name specified for layer_gtype parameter

    Cause: An invalid type name is specified for the layer gtype constraint.

    Action: Consult the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference to get a list of valid layer gtypes that can be used in defining a layer gtype constraint.

ORA-13377 Invalid combination of elements with orientation

    Cause: An element of the geometry has orientation specified while some other element has no orientation specified (4 digit etype).

    Action: Make sure all the polygon elements have orientation specified using the 4 digit etype notation.

ORA-13378 Invalid index for element to be extracted

    Cause: An invalid (or out of bounds) index was specified for extracting an element from a geometry.

    Action: Make sure the parameters to the extract function are in the valid range for the given geometry.

ORA-13379 Invalid index for sub-element to be extracted

    Cause: An invalid (or out of bounds) index was specified for extracting a sub-element from a geometry.

    Action: Make sure the parameters to the extract function are in the valid range for the given geometry.

ORA-13400 Oracle GeoImage internal error, arguments: [string], [string], [string], [string], [string]

    Cause: This is an internal Oracle GeoImage error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-13401 unsupported geoimage format

    Cause: The GeoImage format is not supported.

    Action: Confirm that the GeoImage format is valid and supported.

ORA-13402 NULL destination

    Cause: The object specified as the destination is NULL.

    Action: Confirm that the object specified as the destination is not NULL.

ORA-13403 NULL source geometry

    Cause: The source GeoImage has a NULL geometry.

    Action: Verify that the geometry of the source GeoImage is not NULL.

ORA-13404 not a local source

    Cause: An attempt has been made to modify a GeoImage which is not stored in the database.

    Action: Import the GeoImage in order to modify it.

ORA-13405 NULL source

    Cause: The object specified as the source is NULL.

    Action: Confirm that the object specified as the source is not NULL.

ORA-13406 unsupported image processing command [string]

    Cause: The image processing command specified is not supported for a GeoImage.

    Action: Consult the Oracle interMedia User's Guide and Reference to verify which image processing commands are supported within an Oracle GeoImage method.

ORA-13407 unrecognized space type qualifier [string]

    Cause: The GeoImage space type qualifier is invalid.

    Action: Use a valid space type qualifier (RASTER or MODEL).

ORA-13408 NULL table name

    Cause: The table name parameter is NULL.

    Action: Verify that the parameter used for the table name is not NULL.

ORA-13409 Oracle table "string" does not exist.

    Cause: The table specified does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the table name used is valid and the table exists.

ORA-13410 NULL column name

    Cause: The column name parameter is NULL.

    Action: Verify that the parameter used for the column name is not NULL.

ORA-13411 Oracle column "string" does not exist.

    Cause: The column specified does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the column name used is valid and the column exists.

ORA-13412 invalid ROWID

    Cause: The ROWID value used is not valid.

    Action: Verify that the ROWID value used is valid.

ORA-13413 could not select the GeoImage for initialization

    Cause: The GeoImage in the table could not be selected.

    Action: Verify that the GeoIMage is present in the table and the supplied parameters are valid.

ORA-13414 could not update the table containing the GeoImage

    Cause: The table containing the GeoImage could not be updated.

    Action: Verify that the table exists and is valid.

ORA-13415 invalid domain

    Cause: The SDO_DIMINFO value used is not valid or the SDO_GEOMETRY supplied is not defined in the domain.

    Action: Verify that the SDO_DIMINFO value is valid, and that the SDO_GEOMETRY is defined within the domain specified.

ORA-13416 invalid geometry, arguments [string]

    Cause: The SDO_GEOMETRY value used is not valid.

    Action: Verify that the SDO_GEOMETRY is valid. Consult the Oracle Spatial User's Guide and Reference for a list of valid geometries.

ORA-13417 undefined raster to model space transformation

    Cause: The raster to model space transformation associated with a GeoImage is undefined.

    Action: Verify that the GeoImage format is valid and that the particular operation is supported for that format.

ORA-13418 undefined model to raster space transformation

    Cause: The model to raster space transformation associated with a GeoImage is undefined.

    Action: Verify that the GeoImage format is valid and that the particular operation is supported for that format.

ORA-13419 invalid latitude value

    Cause: A latitude value outside the valid range [-90,90] has been used.

    Action: Verify that the GeoImage geometry definition is within the domain.

ORA-13420 invalid model to raster space transformation

    Cause: The model to raster space transformation associated with a GeoImage is not valid or cannot be calculated.

    Action: Verify that the transformation is supported and that the GeoImage format is valid.

ORA-13421 invalid raster to model space transformation

    Cause: The raster to model space transformation associated with a GeoImage is not valid or cannot be calculated.

    Action: Verify that the transformation is supported and that the GeoImage format is valid.

ORA-13422 uninitialized source

    Cause: The LOB used for the source is not initialized.

    Action: Verify that the source is properly initialized.

ORA-13423 empty source

    Cause: The LOB used for the source is empty.

    Action: Verify that the source is properly initialized and data has been imported into it.

ORA-13424 uninitialized destination

    Cause: The LOB used for the destination is not initialized.

    Action: Verify that the destination is properly initialized.

ORA-13425 empty destination

    Cause: The LOB used for the destination is empty.

    Action: Verify that the destination is properly initialized and data has been imported into it.

ORA-13426 unsupported raster origin

    Cause: The raster origin specified is not supported.

    Action: Verify that the origin specified is supported.

ORA-13427 unknown raster origin

    Cause: The value specified for the raster origin is invalid.

    Action: Verify that the value used to specify the raster origin is valid and supported.

ORA-13428 source does not exist

    Cause: The source does not exist or cannot be accessed.

    Action: Verify that the source specification is correct and accessible.

ORA-13429 operation "string" not supported on GeoImage type "string"

    Cause: The specified operation is not supported on the particular geoimage type.

    Action: Verify that the operation is supported.

ORA-13430 model coordinate system not supported

    Cause: The model specified for the definition of the coordinate system is not supported.

    Action: Verify that the model value is correct.

ORA-13433 NULL crop geometry

    Cause: The geometry used to crop a GeoImage is NULL.

    Action: Verify that the geometry used for the crop operation is not NULL.

ORA-13442 invalid scaling parameters [string] [string]

    Cause: The parameters used in the scale operation are invalid.

    Action: Verify that the scaling parameters are greater than zero.

ORA-13443 unrecognized scale mode [string]

    Cause: The scale mode used in the scale operation is invalid.

    Action: Consult the Oracle interMedia User's Guide and Reference for a list of valid scale mode qualifiers.

ORA-13451 unsupported conversion format [string]

    Cause: The format specified for conversion is invalid or unsupported.

    Action: Verify that the conversion format specified is valid.

ORA-13461 invalid tag/key [string]

    Cause: The tag or key is invalid.

    Action: Verify that the format version is supported or the format is valid.

ORA-13462 invalid tie point

    Cause: One of the tie points is invalid.

    Action: Verify that the tie points used are valid (for example all raster tie points are >= 0).

ORA-13463 unsupported GeoTIFF geometry definition

    Cause: The combination of keys/tags used to define the geometry footprint of the GeoImage is not supported.

    Action: Verify that the GeoTIFF format version is supported and the format is valid.

ORA-13464 unsupported conversion

    Cause: The format specified for conversion is not supported. In GeoTIFF, only a limited number of tags/keys combinations are supported for conversion.

    Action: Verify that the GeoTIFF format version is supported and conversion to the desired format is available.

ORA-13465 invalid destination window

    Cause: The window specified as destination in the command is not valid.

    Action: Verify that the window definition is correct.

ORA-14000 only one LOCAL clause may be specified

    Cause: CREATE INDEX statement contained more than one LOCAL clause.

    Action: Specify LOCAL option at most once.

ORA-14001 LOCAL clause contradicts previosly specified GLOBAL clause

    Cause: CREATE INDEX statement contained a GLOBAL clause and a LOCAL clause.

    Action: Specify LOCAL or GLOBAL clause, but not both.

ORA-14002 only one GLOBAL clause may be specified

    Cause: CREATE INDEX statement contained more than one GLOBAL clause.

    Action: Specify GLOBAL option at most once.

ORA-14003 GLOBAL clause contradicts previosly specified LOCAL clause

    Cause: CREATE INDEX statement contained a LOCAL clause and a GLOBAL clause.

    Action: Specify GLOBAL or LOCAL clause, but not both.

ORA-14004 missing PARTITION keyword

    Cause: Keyword PARTITION missing.

    Action: Supply missing keyword.

ORA-14005 missing RANGE keyword

    Cause: Keyword RANGE missing.

    Action: Supply missing keyword.

ORA-14006 invalid partition name

    Cause: A partition name of the form identifier is expected but not present.

    Action: Enter an appropriate partition name.

ORA-14007 missing LESS keyword

    Cause: Keyword LESS missing.

    Action: Supply missing keyword.

ORA-14008 missing THAN keyword

    Cause: Keyword THAN missing.

    Action: Supply missing keyword.

ORA-14009 partition bound may not be specified for a LOCAL index partition

    Cause: While parsing a CREATE INDEX statement to create a LOCAL partitioned index, partition_description of one of partitions was found to contain VALUES LESS THAN clause which is illegal since a LOCAL index inherits partition bounds from its base table.

    Action: Remove all VALUES LESS THAN clauses from descriptions of LOCAL index partitions.

ORA-14010 this physical attribute may not be specified for an index partition

    Cause: Unexpected option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of an index partition; valid options for range or composite range partitions are INITRANS, MAXTRANS, TABLESPACE, STORAGE, PCTFREE; only TABLESPACE may be specified for hash partitions.

    Action: Remove invalid option(s) from the list of physical attributes of an index partition.

ORA-14011 names assigned to resulting partitions must be distinct

    Cause: Names of partitions resulting from splitting of an existing table or index partition are not distinct.

    Action: Rename resulting partition(s) to ensure that their names are distinct and different from those of any other partition of the table or index.

ORA-14012 resulting partition name conflicts with that of an existing partition

    Cause: Name of a partition resulting from splitting of an existing table or index partition is identical to that of some other existing partition of that table or index.

    Action: Rename resulting partition(s) to ensure that their names are distinct and different from those of any other partition of the table or index.

ORA-14013 duplicate partition name

    Cause: Name of a partition of a table or index being created is not unique.

    Action: Rename partition(s) to ensure that their names are unique among partitions of the table or index being created.

ORA-14014 maximum number of partitioning columns is 16

    Cause: Number of columns in a partitioning column list exceeded the legal limit of 16.

    Action: Modify partitioning column list so that it consists of at most 16 columns.

ORA-14015 too many partition descriptions

    Cause: CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX contained too many partition descriptions; maximum number of partitions is 65535.

    Action: Reduce the number of partitions to not exceed 65535.

ORA-14016 underlying table of a LOCAL partitioned index must be partitioned

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a LOCAL partitioned index on a non-partitioned table which is illegal. Only GLOBAL indices (partitioned or otherwise) may be created on a non-partitioned table.

    Action: Correct the statement and re-enter it.

ORA-14017 partition bound list contains too many elements

    Cause: Partition bound list contained more elements than there are partitioning columns.

    Action: Ensure that the number of elements in partition bound list is equal to the number of partitioning columns of the table or index.

ORA-14018 partition bound list contains too few elements

    Cause: Partition bound list contained fewer elements than there are partitioning columns.

    Action: Ensure that the number of elements in partition bound list is equal to the number of partitioning columns of the table or index.

ORA-14019 partition bound element must be one of: string, datetime or interval literal, number, or MAXVALUE

    Cause: Partition bound list contained an element of invalid type (that is, not a number, non-empty string, datetime or interval literal, or MAXVALUE).

    Action: Ensure that all elements of partition bound list are of valid type.

ORA-14020 this physical attribute may not be specified for a table partition

    Cause: Unexpected option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of a table partition; valid options for range or composite range partitions are INITRANS, MAXTRANS, TABLESPACE, STORAGE, PCTFREE, and PCTUSED; only TABLESPACE may be specified for hash partitions.

    Action: Remove invalid option(s) from the list of physical attributes of a table partition.

ORA-14021 MAXVALUE must be specified for all columns

    Cause: In the VALUES LESS THAN clause for the highest (last) partition of a GLOBAL index, MAXVALUE must be specified for all columns.

    Action: Ensure that VALUES LESS THAN clause for the last partition of a GLOBAL index has MAXVALUE specified for all columns.

ORA-14022 creation of LOCAL partitioned cluster indices is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a LOCAL partitioned cluster index, which is currently illegal.

    Action: Remove LOCAL along with partition_descriptions, if any, from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-14023 creation of GLOBAL partitioned cluster indices is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a GLOBAL partitioned cluster index, which is currently illegal.

    Action: Remove PARTITION BY RANGE clause along with partition_descriptions from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-14024 number of partitions of LOCAL index must equal that of the underlying table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a LOCAL partitioned index with a number of partitions which is different from that of the underlying table.

    Action: Correct the CREATE INDEX statement to specify a correct number of partitions.

ORA-14025 PARTITION may not be specified for a materialized view or a materialized view log

    Cause: PARTITION option was encountered while parsing a definition of a materialized view or a materialized view log.

    Action: Ensure that a definition of a MATERIALIZED VIEW does not include invalid options.

ORA-14026 PARTITION and CLUSTER clauses are mutually exclusive

    Cause: Definition of a table contained both PARTITION and CLUSTER clauses which is illegal.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting clauses.

ORA-14027 only one PARTITION clause may be specified

    Cause: CREATE TABLE statement contained more than one PARTITION clause.

    Action: Specify PARTITION option at most once.

ORA-14028 missing AT or VALUES keyword

    Cause: Keyword AT or VALUES is missing.

    Action: Supply missing keyword.

ORA-14029 GLOBAL partitioned index must be prefixed

    Cause: The partitioning columns of a global partitioned index did not contain a prefix of the index's key columns.

    Action: Ensure that the GLOBAL partitioned index being created is prefixed and retry the operation.

ORA-14030 non-existent partitioning column in CREATE TABLE statement

    Cause: Partitioning column specified in CREATE TABLE statement is not one of columns of the table being created.

    Action: Ensure that all columns in the partitioning column list are columns of the table being created.

ORA-14031 partitioning column may not be of type LONG or LONG RAW

    Cause: Partitioning column specified by the user was of type LONG or LONG RAW, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that no partitioning column is of type LONG or LONG RAW.

ORA-14032 partition bound of partition number string is too high

    Cause: High bound of the partition whose number (partitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message did not collate lower than that of the following partition, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that high bound of every partition (except for the last one) collates lower than that of a following partition.

ORA-14036 partition bound value too large for column

    Cause: Length of partition bound value is longer than that of the corresponding partitioning column.

    Action: Ensure that lengths of high bound values do not exceed those of corresponding partitioning columns.

ORA-14037 partition bound of partition "string" is too high

    Cause: High bound of the partition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message did not collate lower than that of the following partition, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that high bound of every partition (except for the last one) collates lower than that of a following partition.

ORA-14038 GLOBAL partitioned index must be prefixed

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a GLOBAL non-prefixed partitioned index which is illegal.

    Action: If a non-prefixed index is desired, it must be created as LOCAL; otherwise, correct the list of key and/or partitioning columns to ensure that the index is prefixed. Then retry the operation.

ORA-14039 partitioning columns must form a subset of key columns of a UNIQUE index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a UNIQUE partitioned index whose partitioning columns do not form a subset of its key columns which is illegal.

    Action: If you want to create an index whose partitioning columns do not form a subset of its key columns, it must be created as non-UNIQUE; otherwise, correct the list of key and/or partitioning columns to ensure that the index's partitioning columns form a subset of its key columns.

ORA-14041 partition bound may not be specified for resulting partitions

    Cause: While parsing an ALTER {TABLE|INDEX} SPLIT PARTITION statement, partition_description of a resulting partition was found to contain VALUES LESS THAN clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove VALUES LESS THAN clause from the description(s) of partitions resulting from splitting an existing table or index partition.

ORA-14042 partition bound may not be specified for a partition being moved, modified or rebuilt

    Cause: While parsing an ALTER {TABLE|INDEX} MODIFY PARTITION, ALTER TABLE MOVE PARTITION, or ALTER INDEX REBUILD PARTITION statement, description of new physical attributes of the partition being moved, modified, or rebuilt was found to contain VALUES LESS THAN clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove VALUES LESS THAN clause from the description of new attributes of the partition being moved, modified, or rebuilt.

ORA-14043 only one partition may be added

    Cause: ALTER TABLE ADD PARTITION contained descriptions of more than one partition to be added.

    Action: Ensure that the statement contains exactly one partition definition and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14044 only one partition may be moved

    Cause: ALTER TABLE MOVE PARTITION contained descriptions of more than one partition to be moved.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one partition to be moved and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14045 only one partition may be modified

    Cause: ALTER TABLE|INDEX MODIFY PARTITION contained descriptions of more than one partition to be modified.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one partition to be modified and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14046 a partition may be split into exactly two new partitions

    Cause: ALTER TABLE|INDEX SPLIT PARTITION did not contain descriptions of exactly two new partitions into which an existing table or index partition was to be split.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly two partition into which an existing partition is to be split.

ORA-14047 ALTER TABLE|INDEX RENAME may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement attempted to combine a RENAME operation with some other operation which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that RENAME operation is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement.

ORA-14048 a partition maintenance operation may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: The ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement attempted to combine a partition maintenance operation (for example, MOVE PARTITION) with some other operation (for example, ADD PARTITION or PCTFREE) which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that a partition maintenance operation is the sole operation specified in an ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement; operations other than those dealing with partitions, default attributes of partitioned tables/indices, or specifying that a table be renamed (ALTER TABLE RENAME) can be combined.

ORA-14049 invalid ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION option

    Cause: An option other than PCTFREE, PCTUSED, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, BACKUP, ALLOCATE EXTENT, or DEALLOCATE UNUSED was specified in an ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION statement for a range or composite range partition.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14050 invalid ALTER INDEX MODIFY PARTITION option

    Cause: An option other than INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, or DEALLOCATE UNUSED was specified in an ALTER INDEX MODIFY PARTITION statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14051 invalid ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW option

    Cause: An option other than PCTFREE, PCTUSED, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, or BACKUP was specified in an ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14052 partition-extended table name syntax is disallowed in this context

    Cause: An attempt was made to use partition-extended table name syntax in illegal context (that is, not in FROM-clause or INSERT, DELETE, or UPDATE statement).

    Action: Avoid use of partition-extended table name in contexts other those mentioned above.

ORA-14053 illegal attempt to modify string in string statement

    Cause: Certain attributes of objects (for example, tables) may be specified at creation time, but may not be modified using ALTER statement. Unfortunately, user specified one of such attributes.

    Action: Ensure that ALTER statement specifies new values only for attributes which may be changed once an object has been created.

ORA-14054 invalid ALTER TABLE TRUNCATE PARTITION option

    Cause: Name of the partition to be truncated may be followed by DROP STORAGE or REUSE STORAGE.

    Action: Ensure that no options besides DROP STORAGE or REUSE STORAGE are specified with ALTER TABLE TRUNCATE PARTITION.

ORA-14055 keyword REBUILD in ALTER INDEX REBUILD must immediately follow index_name

    Cause: ALTER INDEX statement contained REBUILD keyword following some index attributes (for example, INITRANS).

    Action: Ensure that keyword REBUILD immediately follows the name of the index being altered.

ORA-14056 partition number string: sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE may not exceed 100

    Cause: The sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for a partition whose number (partitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message exceeds 100. Note that if PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for this partition were not specified explicitly, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If, in turn, default PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for the partitioned table or index were not specified, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that a sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for the partition does not exceed 100.

ORA-14057 partition "string": sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE may not exceed 100

    Cause: The sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for a partition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message exceeds 100. Note that if PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for this partition were not specified explicitly, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If, in turn, default PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for the partitioned table or index were not specified, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that a sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for the partition does not exceed 100.

ORA-14058 partition number string: INITRANS value must be less than MAXTRANS value

    Cause: Value of INITRANS was found to be greater than that of MAXTRANS for a partition whose number (partitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message. Note that if INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for this partition were not specified explicitly, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If, in turn, default INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for the partitioned table or index were not specified, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that the value of INITRANS (whether specified explicitly or derived from the default value for the partitioned table or index) is no greater than that of MAXTRANS.

ORA-14059 partition "string": INITRANS value must be less than MAXTRANS value

    Cause: Value of INITRANS was found to be greater than that of MAXTRANS for a partition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message. Note that if INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for this partition were not specified explicitly, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If, in turn, default INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for the partitioned table or index were not specified, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that the value of INITRANS (whether specified explicitly or derived from the default value for the partitioned table or index) is no greater than that of MAXTRANS.

ORA-14060 data type or length of a table partitioning column may not be changed

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify data type and/or length of a column used to partition the table named in ALTER TABLE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid modifying data type and/or length of table partitioning column(s).

ORA-14061 data type or length of an index partitioning column may not be changed

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify data type and/or length of a column used to partition some index defined on the table named in ALTER TABLE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid modifying data type and/or length of index partitioning column(s).

ORA-14062 one or more of table's partitions reside in a read-only tablespace

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify an existing VARCHAR2 (or VARCHAR) column to be of type CHAR (or CHARACTER), increase length of an existing CHAR (or CHARACTER) column, or add a column with user-specified default for a table one or more partitions of which reside in read-only tablespaces, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid performing aforementioned operations on a partitioned table one or more partitions of which reside in read-only tablespaces.

ORA-14063 Unusable index exists on unique/primary constraint key

    Cause: An attempt was made to add or enable a primary key/unique constraint on column(s) of a table on which there exists an index marked Index Unusable.

    Action: Drop the existing index or rebuild it using ALTER INDEX REBUILD.

ORA-14064 Index with Unusable partition exists on unique/primary constraint key

    Cause: An attempt was made to add or enable a primary key/unique constraint on column(s) of a table on which there exists an index one or more partitions of which are marked Index Unusable.

    Action: Drop the existing index or rebuild unusable partitions it using ALTER INDEX REBUILD PARTITION.

ORA-14065 ALLOCATE STORAGE may not be specified for a partitioned table

    Cause: User specified ALLOCATE STORAGE clause in ALTER TABLE statement issued against a partitioned table which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the illegal option. If it is desired to add storage to individual partitions, ALLOCATE STORAGE clause may be specified with ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION statement.

ORA-14066 illegal option for a non-partitioned index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue a CREATE or ALTER TABLE command on a non-partitioned index-organized table, but the command contains an option that is legal only for partitioned index-organized tables. Such options are: ENABLE ROW MOVEMENT and DISABLE ROW MOVEMENT.

    Action: Remove the illegal options from the command.

ORA-14067 duplicate TABLESPACE_NUMBER specification

    Cause: TABLESPACE_NUMBER clause was specified more than once for a table, an index, or an index partition.

    Action: Correct the code generating text of CREATE INDEX statement sent to the slaves.

ORA-14068 TABLESPACE and TABLESPACE_NUMBER may not be both specified

    Cause: Both TABLESPACE and TABLESPACE_NUMBER clauses were specified for a table, an index, or an index partition.

    Action: Correct the code generating text of CREATE INDEX statement sent to the slaves.

ORA-14069 invalid TABLESPACE_NUMBER value

    Cause: The TABLESPACE_NUMBER value is not an integer between 0 and 0x7FFFFFFF.

    Action: Correct the code generating text of CREATE INDEX statement sent to the slaves.

ORA-14070 option may be specified only for partitioned indices or with REBUILD

    Cause: User issued ALTER INDEX statement containing an option which is legal only for partitioned indices or in conjunction with REBUILD against a non-partitioned index. Such options are: PCTFREE, TABLESPACE, [NO]PARALLEL and INITIAL, FREELISTS, and FREELIST GROUPS inside STORAGE clause.

    Action: Remove illegal option(s).

ORA-14071 invalid option for an index used to enforce a constraint

    Cause: An option other than COMPRESS, NOCOMPRESS, PCTFREE, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, TABLESPACE, PARALLEL, NOPARALLEL, RECOVERABLE, UNRECOVERABLE, LOGGING, NOLOGGING, LOCAL, or GLOBAL was specified for an index used to enforce a constraint.

    Action: Choose one of the valid index options.

ORA-14072 fixed table may not be truncated

    Cause: An attempt was made to truncate a fixed table which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the table being truncated is not a fixed table.

ORA-14073 bootstrap table or cluster may not be truncated

    Cause: An attempt was made to truncate a bootstrap table or cluster which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the table (or cluster) being truncated is not a bootstrap table (or cluster).

ORA-14074 partition bound must collate higher than that of the last partition

    Cause: Partition bound specified in ALTER TABLE ADD PARTITION statement did not collate higher than that of the table's last partition, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the partition bound of the partition to be added collates higher than that of the table's last partition.

ORA-14075 partition maintenance operations may only be performed on partitioned indices

    Cause: Index named in ALTER INDEX partition maintenance operation is not partitioned, making a partition maintenance operation, at best, meaningless.

    Action: Ensure that the index named in ALTER INDEX statement specifying a partition maintenance operation is, indeed, partitioned.

ORA-14076 DROP/SPLIT PARTITION may not be applied to a LOCAL index partition

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop or split a partition of a LOCAL index which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the index named in such statement is a GLOBAL partitioned index.

ORA-14078 you may not drop the highest partition of a GLOBAL index

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop highest partition of a GLOBAL index, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the partition specified in ALTER INDEX DROP PARTITION statement is not the highest partition of the index.

ORA-14079 illegal option for a partition marked Index Unusable

    Cause: ALTER INDEX MODIFY PARTITION statement against an index partition marked Index Unusable contained STORAGE and/or DEALLOCATE SPACE clauses which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that only valid options are specified.

ORA-14080 partition cannot be split along the specified high bound

    Cause: An attempt was made to split a partition along a bound which either collates higher than that of the partition to be split or lower than that of a partition immediately preceding the one to be split.

    Action: Ensure that the bound along which a partition is to be split collates lower than that of the partition to be split and higher that of a partition immediately preceding the one to be split.

ORA-14081 new partition name must differ from the old partition name

    Cause: User entered ALTER TABLE/INDEX RENAME PARTITION specifying new_partition_name which is identical to the name of the partition being renamed.

    Action: Ensure that the new partition name is different from the name of any (including the one being renamed) existing partition of a given table or index.

ORA-14082 new partition name must differ from that of any other partition of the object

    Cause: User entered ALTER TABLE/INDEX RENAME PARTITION specifying new_partition_name which is identical to the name of some existing partition of the object.

    Action: Ensure that the new partition name is different from the name of any (including the one being renamed) existing partition of a given table or index.

ORA-14083 cannot drop the only partition of a partitioned table

    Cause: A drop partition command is being executed when there is only one partition in the table.

    Action: Ensure that there is at least one partition. Drop table to remove all partitions.

ORA-14084 you may specify TABLESPACE DEFAULT only for a LOCAL index

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify TABLESPACE DEFAULT for an object other than a LOCAL index, which is illegal.

    Action: Re-enter the statement without TABLESPACE DEFAULT clause.

ORA-14085 partitioned table cannot have column with LONG datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a partitioned table with a LONG datatype or tried to add a LONG datatype column to a partitioned table.

    Action: LONG data types are not supported with partitioned tables. Create table without LONG column or change table to not partitioned. If adding column, do not use LONG datatype. If modifying attributes of a column to change data type to LONG, it has to be a non-partitioned table.

ORA-14086 a partitioned index may not be rebuilt as a whole

    Cause: An attempt was made to rebuild a partitioned index using ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Rebuild the index a partition at a time (using ALTER INDEX REBUILD PARTITION) or drop and re-create the entire index.

ORA-14094 invalid ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION option

    Cause: Name of the table to be EXCHANGED has to be followed by [{INCLUDING|EXCLUDING} INDEXES][{WITH|WITHOUT} VALIDATION].

    Action: Ensure that no options besides INCLUDING INDEXES or EXCLUDING INDEXES are specified with ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION.

ORA-14095 ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE requires a non-partitioned, non-clustered table

    Cause: The table in the EXCHANGE operation is either clustered or partitioned.

    Action: Ensure that the table with which the partition is being exchanged for is not partitioned or clustered.

ORA-14096 tables in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION must have the same number of columns

    Cause: The two tables specified in the EXCHANGE have different number of columns.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables have the same number of columns with the same type and size.

ORA-14097 column type or size mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION are of different type or size.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables have the same number of columns with the same type and size.

ORA-14098 index mismatch for tables in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: The two tables specified in the EXCHANGE have indexes which are not equivalent.

    Action: Ensure that the indexes for the two tables have indexes which follow this rule For every non-partitioned index for the non-partitioned table, there has to be an identical LOCAL index on the partitioned table and vice versa. By identical, the column position, type and size have to be the same.

ORA-14099 all rows in table do not qualify for specified partition

    Cause: There is at least one row in the non-partitioned table which does not qualify for the partition specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION.

    Action: Ensure that all the rows in the segment qualify for the partition. Perform the alter table operation with the NO CHECKING option. Run ANALYZE table VALIDATE on that partition to find out the invalid rows and delete them.

ORA-14100 partition extended table name cannot refer to a remote object

    Cause: An attempt was made to use partition-extended table name syntax in conjunction with remote object name which is illegal.

    Action: Correct the statement and re-enter it.

ORA-14101 partition extended table name cannot refer to a synonym

    Cause: An attempt was made to use partition-extended table name syntax in conjunction with synonym name which is illegal.

    Action: Correct the statement and re-enter it.

ORA-14102 only one LOGGING or NOLOGGING clause may be specified

    Cause: LOGGING was specified more than once, NOLOGGING was specified more than once, or both LOGGING and NOLOGGING were specified.

    Action: Remove all but one of the LOGGING or NOLOGGING clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-14103 LOGGING/NOLOGGING may not be combined with RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE

    Cause: A statement contained both [NO]LOGGING and [UN]RECOVERABLE clauses which is disallowed.

    Action: Remove one of the offending clauses. [UN]RECOVERABLE is being deprecated in V8 and will be obsoleted in V9. To duplicate semantics of UNRECOVERABLE clause, create an object with NOLOGGING option and then ALTER it specifying LOGGING. To duplicate semantics of RECOVERABLE clause, create an object with LOGGING option.

ORA-14104 RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE may not be specified for partitioned tables/indices

    Cause: CREATE TABLE/INDEX statement used to create a partitioned table/index contained RECOVERABLE or UNRECOVERABLE clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove offending clause. [UN]RECOVERABLE is being deprecated in V8 and will be obsoleted in V9. To duplicate semantics of UNRECOVERABLE clause, create an object with NOLOGGING option and then ALTER it specifying LOGGING. To duplicate semantics of RECOVERABLE clause, create an object with LOGGING option.

ORA-14105 RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE may not be specified in this context

    Cause: RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE clause is not allowed in this context.

    Action: Remove offending clause. RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE may only be specified in CREATE TABLE/INDEX statement describing a non-partitioned table or index and ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement. [UN]RECOVERABLE is being deprecated in V8 and will be obsoleted in V9. To duplicate semantics of UNRECOVERABLE clause, create an object with NOLOGGING option and then ALTER it specifying LOGGING. To duplicate semantics of RECOVERABLE clause, create an object with LOGGING option.

ORA-14106 LOGGING/NOLOGGING may not be specified for a clustered table

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify LOGGING or NOLOGGING clause in CREATE TABLE or ALTER TABLE statement involving a clustered table.

    Action: Remove offending clause.

ORA-14107 partition specification is required for a partitioned object

    Cause: parameter which supplies partition name is missing. This parameter is optional for non-partitioned objects, but is required for partitioned objects.

    Action: Supply the missing parameter.

ORA-14108 illegal partition-extended table name syntax

    Cause: Partition to be accessed may only be specified using its name. An attempt was made to use a partition number or a bind variable.

    Action: Modify the statement to refer to a partition using its name.

ORA-14109 partition-extended object names may only be used with tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a partition-extended object name with an object which is not a table.

    Action: Avoid using partition-extended name syntax with objects which are not tables.

ORA-14110 partitioning column may not be of type ROWID

    Cause: Partitioning column specified by the user was of type ROWID, which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that no partitioning column is of type ROWID.

ORA-14111 creation of GLOBAL partitioned indices on clustered tables is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a GLOBAL partitioned index on a clustered table which is currently illegal.

    Action: Remove PARTITION BY RANGE() clause along with (partition_list) to create a GLOBAL non-partitioned index on a clustered table.

ORA-14112 RECOVERABLE/UNRECOVERABLE may not be specified for a partition or subpartition

    Cause: Description of a partition or subpartition found in CREATE TABLE/INDEX statement contained RECOVERABLE or UNRECOVERABLE clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove offending clause. Use LOGGING or NOLOGGING instead.

ORA-14113 partitioned table cannot have column with LOB datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a partitioned table with a LOB datatype or tried to add a LOB datatype column to a partitioned table.

    Action: LOB data types are not supported with partitioned tables. Create table without LOB column or change table to not partitioned. If adding column, do not use LOB datatype. If modifying attributes of a column to change data type to LOB, it has to be a non-partitioned table.

ORA-14114 partitioned table cannot have column with object, REF, nested table, array datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a partitioned table with a object datatype (object, REF, nested table, array) or tried to add a object datatype column to a partitioned table.

    Action: object data types are not supported with partitioned tables. Create table without object column or change table to not partitioned. If adding column, do not use object datatypes. If modifying attributes of a column to change data type to object, it has to be a non-partitioned table.

ORA-14115 partition bound of partition number string is too long

    Cause: Length of linear key representation of a high bound of the partition whose number (partitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message exceeded the legal limit (4K).

    Action: Change representation of a partition high bound to bring its length within legal limit.

ORA-14116 partition bound of partition "string" is too long

    Cause: Length of linear key representation of a high bound of the partition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message exceeded the legal limit (4K).

    Action: Change representation of a partition high bound to bring its length within legal limit.

ORA-14117 partition resides in offlined tablespace

    Cause: User attempted an operation requiring that we access data in a partition which resides in a tablespace which was taken offline. Such operations include trying to drop a tablespace of a table which has indices defined on it or is referenced by a constraint.

    Action: Bring the tablespace online before attempting the operation.

ORA-14118 CHECK constraint mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION statement have CHECK constraint defined on them.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables do not have CHECK constraint defined on any column.

ORA-14119 specified partition bound is too long

    Cause: Length of a linear key representation of a high bound of a table partition being added or along which an existing table or index partition is being split exceeded the legal limit (4K).

    Action: Change representation of a partition high bound to bring its length within legal limit.

ORA-14120 incompletely specified partition bound for a DATE column

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a date expression whose format does not fully (that is, day, month, and year (including century)) specify a date as a partition bound for a DATE column. The format may have been specified explicitly (using TO_DATE() function) or implicitly (NLS_DATE_FORMAT).

    Action: Ensure that date format used in a partition bound for a DATE column supports complete specification of a date (that is, day, month, and year (including century)). If NLS_DATE_FORMAT does not support complete (that is, including the century) specification of the year, use TO_DATE() (for example, TO_DATE('01-01-1999', 'MM-DD-YYYY') to fully express the desired date.

ORA-14121 MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement attempted to combine MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES with some other operation (for example, ADD PARTITION or PCTFREE) which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement; operations other than those dealing with partitions, default attributes of partitioned tables/indices or specifying that a table be renamed (ALTER TABLE RENAME) may be combined at will.

ORA-14122 only one REVERSE or NOREVERSE clause may be specified

    Cause: Both REVERSE and NOREVERSE were specified in CREATE INDEX statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the REVERSE or NOREVERSE clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-14123 duplicate NOREVERSE clause

    Cause: NOREVERSE was specified more than once in ALTER INDEX statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the NOREVERSE clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-14124 duplicate REVERSE clause

    Cause: REVERSE was specified more than once in ALTER INDEX or CREATE INDEX statements.

    Action: Remove all but one of the REVERSE clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-14125 REVERSE/NOREVERSE may not be specified in this context

    Cause: REVERSE/NOREVERSE clause is not allowed in this context.

    Action: Remove offending clause. REVERSE may be specified as an attribute of an index (not of an individual partition, if creating a partitioned index) in CREATE INDEX statement and ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement. NOREVERSE may be specified only in ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement.

ORA-14126 only a parallel_clause may follow description(s) of resulting partitions

    Cause: Descriptions of partition(s) resulting from splitting of a table or index partition may be followed by an optional parallel_clause which applies to the entire statement and which, in turn, may not be followed by any other clause.

    Action: Ensure that all partition attributes appear within the parenthesized list of descriptions of resulting partitions in ALTER TABLE/INDEX SPLIT PARTITION statement.

ORA-14128 FOREIGN KEY constraint mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION statement have different FOREIGN KEY constraints.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables do not have FOREIGN KEY constraints defined on any column or disable all FOREIGN KEY constraints on both tables. Then retry the operation.

ORA-14129 INCLUDING INDEXES must be specified as tables have enabled UNIQUE constraints

    Cause: Matching UNIQUE constraints in both table are enabled and validated but INCLUDING INDEXES is not specified in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION|SUBPARTITION command.

    Action: Disable currently enabled matching UNIQUE constraints on both tables or ensure that INCLUDING INDEXES option is used.

ORA-14130 UNIQUE constraints mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: One of the tables named in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION command has a UNIQUE constraint for which no matching (vis-a-vis key columns) constraint is defined on the other table or a matching constraint is defined on the other table, but it differs from that defined on the first table vis-a-vis being enabled and/or validated.

    Action: Ensure that for every UNIQUE constraint defined on one of the tables named in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION statement there is a matching (vis-a-vis key columns and being enabled and/or validated) UNIQUE constraint defined on the other table. If UNIQUE constrains are enabled, UNIQUE constraints on the partitioned table should be enforced using local indexes.

ORA-14131 enabled UNIQUE constraint exists on one of the tables

    Cause: One of the tables referenced in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION|SUBPARTITION statement has enabled UNIQUE constraint(s) defined on it, which prevents EXCHANGE from proceeding.

    Action: Disable constraints defined on tables referenced in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION|SUBPARTITION statement and retry the statement.

ORA-14132 table cannot be used in EXCHANGE

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue an ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION | SUBPARTITION command, but the non-partitioned table cannot be used in the EXCHANGE because one or more of the following apply:

        * it is a typed table
        * it contains ADT columns
        * it contains nested-table columns
        * it contains REF columns
        * it contains array columns
        * it is an index-organized table
        * it contains LOB columns
        * it is a nested table

    Action: Make sure the non-partitioned table does not violate any of the above restrictions for the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION | SUBPARTITION command.

ORA-14133 ALTER TABLE MOVE cannot be combined with other operations

    Cause: An attempt was made to combine an ALTER TABLE MOVE statement with another operation, such as MODIFY.

    Action: Make sure that MOVE is the only operation specified in ALTER TABLE statement.

ORA-14134 indexes cannot use both DESC and REVERSE

    Cause: An attempt was made to make a reverse index with some index columns marked DESC.

    Action: Do not use DESC in reverse indexes. The rule-based optimizer can scan indexes backwards, which allows a normal reverse index to simulate a reverse index with columns marked DESC.

ORA-14135 a LOB column cannot serve as a partitioning column

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a column of type BLOB or CLOB as a partitioning or subpartitioning column.

    Action: Ensure that no partitioning or subpartitioning column is of type BLOB or CLOB.

ORA-14136 ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE restricted by fine-grained security

    Cause: User doing exchange does not have full table access due to VPD policies.

    Action: Grant exempt priviliges to this user.

ORA-14150 missing SUBPARTITION keyword

    Cause: Keyword SUBPARTITION missing.

    Action: Supply the missing parameter.

ORA-14151 invalid table partitioning method

    Cause: Invalid partitioning method was specified in CREATE TABLE statement. A table may be partitioned by RANGE, HASH, or composite range/hash (R+H).

    Action: Specify one of valid partitioning methods.

ORA-14152 invalid number of partitions specified in PARTITIONS clause

    Cause: number-of-partitions clause contained in CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX statement specified a number of partitions outside of legal range (1-65535).

    Action: Specify a number between 1 and 65535 in the number-of-partitions clause.

ORA-14153 only one of STORE IN or partition_description clause may be specified

    Cause: Both STORE IN and partition_description clauses were specified in a CREATE TABLE|INDEX command.

    Action: Remove one of offending clauses.

ORA-14154 only one of STORE IN or subpartition_description clause may be specified

    Cause: Both STORE IN and subpartition_description clauses were specified in a CREATE TABLE|INDEX, or ALTER TABLE ADD|SPLIT PARTITION or ALTER TABLE MERGE PARTITIONS command for a composite range-partitioned object.

    Action: Remove one of offending clauses.

ORA-14155 missing PARTITION or SUBPARTITION keyword

    Cause: Expected either the PARTITION or SUBPARTITION keyword but neither was supplied.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-14156 invalid number of subpartitions specified in [SUBPARTITIONS | SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE] clause

    Cause: Number-of-subpartitions clause contained in CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX statement specified a number of subpartitions outside of legal range (1-65535).

    Action: Specify a number between 1 and 65535 in the number-of-subpartitions clause.

ORA-14157 invalid subpartition name

    Cause: A subpartition name of the form identifier is expected but not present.

    Action: Enter an appropriate subpartition name.

ORA-14158 too many subpartition descriptions

    Cause: CREATE TABLE or CREATE INDEX contained too many subpartition descriptions; maximum number of subpartitions is 65535.

    Action: Reduce the number of subpartitions to not exceed 65535.

ORA-14159 duplicate subpartition name

    Cause: Name of a subpartition of a table or index being created is not unique.

    Action: Rename the subpartition(s) to ensure that their names are unique among subpartitions of the table or index being created.

ORA-14160 this physical attribute may not be specified for a table subpartition

    Cause: An unexpected option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of a table subpartition; TABLESPACE is the only valid option.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s).

ORA-14161 subpartition number string: sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE may not exceed 100

    Cause: The sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for a subpartition whose number (subpartitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message exceeds 100. Note that if PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for this subpartition were not specified explicitly, default values at partition-level would be used. If, in turn, default PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values at partition-level were not specified, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If those values were also not specified explicitly, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that a sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for the subpartition does not exceed 100.

ORA-14162 subpartition "string": sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE may not exceed 100

    Cause: The sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for a subpartition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message exceeds 100. Note that if PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values for this subpartition were not specified explicitly, default values at partition-level would be used. If, in turn, default PCTUSED and/or PCTFREE values at partition-level were not specified, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If those values were also not specified explicitly, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that a sum of PCTUSED and PCTFREE for the subpartition does not exceed 100.

ORA-14163 subpartition number string: INITRANS value must be less than MAXTRANS value

    Cause: The value of INITRANS was found to be greater than that of MAXTRANS for a subpartition whose number (subpartitions are numbered starting with 1) is displayed in this message. Note that if INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for this subpartition were not specified explicitly, default values at partition-level would be used. If, in turn, default INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values at partition-level were not specified, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If those values were also not specified explicitly, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that value of INITRANS (whether specified explicitly or derived from the default value at partition-level, table-level or index-level) is no greater than that of MAXTRANS.

ORA-14164 subpartition "string": INITRANS value must be less than MAXTRANS value

    Cause: The value of INITRANS was found to be greater than that of MAXTRANS for a subpartition whose name (explicitly specified by the user) is displayed in this message. Note that if INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values for this subpartition were not specified explicitly, default values at partition-level would be used. If, in turn, default INITRANS and/or MAXTRANS values at partition-level were not specified, default values for the partitioned table or index would be used. If those values were also not specified explicitly, system defaults would be used.

    Action: Ensure that value of INITRANS (whether specified explicitly or derived from the default value at partition-level, table-level or index-level) is no greater than that of MAXTRANS.

ORA-14165 MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES FOR PARTITION may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement attempted to combine MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES OF PARTITION with some other operation (for example, ADD PARTITION or PCTFREE) which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement; operations other than those dealing with partitions, default attributes of partitioned tables/indices or specifying that a table be renamed (ALTER TABLE RENAME) may be combined at will.

ORA-14166 missing INTO keyword

    Cause: Keyword INTO missing.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-14167 only one subpartition may be moved

    Cause: ALTER TABLE MOVE SUBPARTITION contained descriptions of more than one subpartition to be moved.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one subpartition to be moved and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14168 only one subpartition may be modified

    Cause: ALTER TABLE|INDEX MODIFY SUBPARTITION contained descriptions of more than one subpartition to be modified.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one subpartition to be modified and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14169 invalid ALTER TABLE MODIFY SUBPARTITION option

    Cause: An option other than PCTFREE, PCTUSED, INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, was specified in an ALTER TABLE MODIFY SUBPARTITION statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14170 cannot specify partition_description clause in CREATE TABLE|INDEX

    Cause: User requested to generate default partition description(s) (possibly via PARTITIONS number_of_partitions) while at the same time specified partition_description clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove one of offending clauses.

ORA-14171 cannot specify subpartition_description clause in CREATE|ALTER TABLE

    Cause: User requested to generate default subpartition description(s) (possibly via SUBPARTITIONS) while at the same time specified subpartition_description clause which is illegal.

    Action: Remove one of offending clauses.

ORA-14172 invalid ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION option

    Cause: Name of the table to be EXCHANGED has to be followed by [{INCLUDING|EXCLUDING} INDEX][{WITH|WITHOUT} VALIDATION].

    Action: Ensure that no options besides INCLDING INDEX or EXCLUDING INDEX are specified with ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION.

ORA-14173 illegal subpartition-extended table name syntax

    Cause: Subpartition to be accessed may only be specified using its name. An attempt was made to use a subpartition number or a bind variable.

    Action: Modify statement to refer to a subpartition using its name.

ORA-14174 only a parallel_clause may follow COALESCE PARTITION|SUBPARTITION

    Cause: ALTER TABLE COALESCE PARTITION|SUBPARTITION may be followed by an optional parallel_clause. No partition/subpartition attributes may be specified.

    Action: Ensure that no partition/subpartition attribute was specified.

ORA-14175 a subpartition maintenance operation may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement attempted to combine a subpartition maintenance operation (for example, MOVE SUBPARTITION) with some other operation (for example, MODIFY PARTITION ADD SUBPARTITION or PCTFREE) which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that a subpartition maintenance operation is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE or ALTER INDEX statement; operations other than those dealing with subpartitions, default attributes of partitioned tables/indices or specifying that a table be renamed (ALTER TABLE RENAME) may be combined at will.

ORA-14176 this attribute may not be specified for a hash partition

    Cause: An invalid option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of a partition of a table partitioned using the HASH method. The TABLESPACE option is the only valid option for such partitions.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s).

ORA-14177 STORE-IN (Tablespace list) can only be specified for a LOCAL index on a table which is hash or composite partitioned

    Cause: STORE-IN (Tablespace list) clause was used while creating a local index on a table which is range or list partitioned.

    Action: Do not use the STORE_IN (Tablespace list) clause while creating a local index on range or list partitioned table.

ORA-14183 TABLESPACE DEFAULT can be specified only for Composite LOCAL index

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify TABLESPACE DEFAULT for a partition of a range/system/hash-partitioned LOCAL index object, which is illegal.

    Action: Replace TABLESPACE DEFAULT with TABLESPACE ts_name or remove it.

ORA-14185 incorrect physical attribute specified for this index partition

    Cause: An unexpected option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of a local index partition; valid options for range composite range partitions are INITRANS, MAXTRANS, TABLESPACE, STORAGE, PCTFREE, PCTUSED, LOGGING and TABLESPACE; but only TABLESPACE may be specified for hash partitions STORE IN () is also disallowed for all but composite range partitions.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s) from the list of physical attributes of an index partition.

ORA-14186 number of sub-partitions of LOCAL index must equal that of the underlying table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a LOCAL partitioned index with a number of subpartitions which is different from that of the underlying table.

    Action: Correct the CREATE INDEX statement to specify a correct number of subpartitions.

ORA-14187 partitioning method for LOCAL index is inconsistent with that of the underlying table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a LOCAL partitioned index that is not equipartitioned with the underlying table. The partitioning types are mismatched.

    Action: Correct the CREATE INDEX statement to ensure that the index partitioning method is consistent with that of the base table.

ORA-14188 sub-partitioning columns must form a subset of key columns of a UNIQUE index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a UNIQUE partitioned index whose subpartitioning columns do not form a subset of its key columns which is illegal.

    Action: If you want to create an index whose subpartitioning columns do not form a subset of its key columns, it must be created as non-UNIQUE; otherwise, correct the list of key and/or subpartitioning columns to ensure that the index's subpartitioning columns form a subset of its key columns.

ORA-14189 this physical attribute may not be specified for an index subpartition

    Cause: An unexpected option was encountered while parsing physical attributes of an index subpartition; TABLESPACE is the only valid option.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s).

ORA-14190 only one ENABLE/DISABLE ROW MOVEMENT clause can be specified

    Cause: One of the following:

        * ENABLE ROW MOVEMENT was specified more than once.
        * DISABLE ROW MOVEMENT was specified more than once.
        * Both ENABLE ROW MOVEMENT and DISABLE ROW MOVEMENT were specified.

    Action: Remove all but one of the ENABLE ROW MOVEMENT or DISABLE ROW MOVEMENT clauses and then reissue the command.

ORA-14191 ALLOCATE STORAGE may not be specified for Composite Range partitioned object

    Cause: User specified ALLOCATE STORAGE clause in ALTER TABLE/ALTER INDEX statement issued against a range-partitioned index which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the illegal option. If it is desired to add storage to individual partitions, ALLOCATE STORAGE clause may be specified with ALTER TABLE/INDEX MODIFY PARTITION statement.

ORA-14192 cannot modify physical index attributes of a Hash index partition

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify one of INITRANS/MAXTRANS/LOGGING/STORAGE clause for an index partition of a hash-partitioned index.

    Action: Remove the physical attributes one is trying to modify.

ORA-14193 invalid ALTER INDEX MODIFY SUBPARTITION option

    Cause: An option other than UNUSABLE, ALLOCATE EXTENT, DEALLOCATE UNUSED was specified in an ALTER INDEX MODIFY SUBPARTITION statement.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14194 only one subpartition may be rebuilt

    Cause: ALTER INDEX REBUILD SUBPARTITION contained descriptions of more than one subpartition to be rebuilt.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one subpartition to be rebuilt and that it does not contain any commas.

ORA-14195 ALLOCATE STORAGE may not be specified for RANGE or LIST partitioned object

    Cause: User specified ALLOCATE STORAGE clause in ALTER TABLE/ALTER INDEX statement issued against a range-partitioned index which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the illegal option. If it is desired to add storage to individual partitions, ALLOCATE STORAGE clause may be specified with ALTER TABLE/INDEX MODIFY PARTITION statement.

ORA-14251 Specified subpartition does not exist

    Cause: Subpartition not found for the object.

    Action: Retry with correct subpartition name.

ORA-14252 invalid ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION option for a Hash partition

    Cause: Only ALLOCATE EXTENT and DEALLOCATE UNUSED may be specified in ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION for a hash partition.

    Action: Specify only legal options.

ORA-14253 table is not partitioned by Composite Range method

    Cause: The table in a subpartition maintenance operation (ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE/MODIFY/MOVE/TRUNCATE SUBPARTITION, or ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION ADD/COALESCE SUBPARTITION command must be partitioned by composite range method.

    Action: Ensure that the table is partitioned by composite range method.

ORA-14254 cannot specify ALLOCATE STORAGE for a (Composite) Range or List partitioned table

    Cause: User specified ALLOCATE STORAGE clause in ALTER TABLE statement issued against a range or composite range partitioned table which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the illegal option. If it is desired to add storage to individual partitions/subpartitions, ALLOCATE STORAGE clause may be specified with ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION/SUBPARTITION statement. If it is desired to add storage to all subpartitions of a Composite partition, ALLOCATE STORAGE clause may be specified with ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION.

ORA-14255 table is not partitioned by Range or Composite Range or List method

    Cause: ALTER TABLE SPLIT/DROP PARTITION or ALTER TABLE MERGE PARTITIONS command is only valid for table partitioned by range, list, or composite range method.

    Action: Ensure that the table is partitioned by range, list, or composite range method.

ORA-14256 invalid resulting partition description(s)

    Cause: User specified STORE-IN clause, SUBPARTITIONS clause, and/or subpartition_description clause in partition description(s) in ALTER TABLE SPLIT PARTITION or ALTER TABLE MERGE PARTITIONS statement but the table in the maintenance operation is not a composite range-partitioned table which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the invalid clause(s), or ensure that the table is partitioned by composite range method.

ORA-14257 cannot move partition other than a Range or Hash partition

    Cause: An attempt was made to move a partition that is not a range or hash partition which is illegal.

    Action: Specify MOVE PARTITION for a range or hash partition only.

ORA-14258 invalid partition description

    Cause: User specified STORE-IN clause, SUBPARTITIONS clause, and/or subpartition_description clause in ALTER TABLE ADD PARTITION statement but the table in the maintenance operation is not a composite range/hash-partitioned table which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the invalid clause(s), or ensure that the table is partitioned by composite range/hash method.

ORA-14259 table is not partitioned by Hash method

    Cause: ALTER TABLE COALESCE PARTITION is only valid for table partitioned by Hash method.

    Action: Specify a valid ALTER TABLE option for the table, or ensure that the table is partitioned by Hash method.

ORA-14260 incorrect physical attribute specified for this partition

    Cause: User specified INITRANS, MAXTRANS, STORAGE, PCTFREE, PCTUSED, and/or [NO]LOGGING option to a hash partition via ALTER TABLE ADD/MOVE PARTITION command which is illegal. Only TABLESPACE may be specified.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s).

ORA-14261 partition bound may not be specified when adding this Hash partition

    Cause: User specified VALUES LESS THAN clause when adding a partition (via ALTER TABLE ADD PARTITION) to a hash-partitioned table which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the VALUES LESS THAN clause from the description of partition being added.

ORA-14262 new subpartition name must differ from the old subpartition name

    Cause: User entered ALTER TABLE/INDEX RENAME SUBPARTITION specifying new_subpartition_name which is identical to the name of the subpartition being renamed.

    Action: Ensure that the new subpartition name is different from the name of any (including the one being renamed) existing subpartition of a given table or index.

ORA-14263 new subpartition name must differ from that of any other subpartition of the object

    Cause: User entered ALTER TABLE/INDEX RENAME SUBPARTITION specifying new_subpartition_name which is identical to the name of some existing subpartition of the object.

    Action: Ensure that the new subpartition name is different from the name of any (including the one being renamed) existing subpartition of a given table or index.

ORA-14264 table is not partitioned by Composite Range method

    Cause: The table in the MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES FOR PARTITION operation is partitioned by method other than Composite method.

    Action: Ensure that the table is partitioned by Composite method.

ORA-14265 data type or length of a table subpartitioning column may not be changed

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify data type and/or length of a column used to subpartition the table named in ALTER TABLE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid modifying data type and/or length of table subpartitioning column(s).

ORA-14266 data type or length of an index subpartitioning column may not be changed

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify data type and/or length of a column used to subpartition some index defined on the table named in ALTER TABLE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid modifying data type and/or length of index subpartitioning column(s).

ORA-14267 cannot specify PARALLEL clause when adding a (Composite) Range partition

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE ADD PARTITION statement with PARALLEL clause for a range or composite range partition which is illegal.

    Action: Remove the PARALLEL clause.

ORA-14268 subpartition 'string' of the partition resides in offlined tablespace

    Cause: User attempted an operation requiring that we access data in a subpartition which resides in a tablespace which was taken offline. Such operations include trying to drop a tablespace of a table which has indices defined on it or is referenced by a constraint.

    Action: Bring tablespace online before attempting the operation.

ORA-14269 cannot exchange partition other than a Range or Hash partition

    Cause: User attempt to exchange a partition with a non-partitioned table but the specified partition is not a range or hash partition which is illegal.

    Action: Specify EXCHANGE PARTITION for a range or hash partition only.

ORA-14270 table is not partitioned by Range or Hash or List method

    Cause: The table in ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION {UNUSABLE LOCAL INDEXES | REBUILD UNUSABLE LOCAL INDEXES} statement is not partitioned by range or hash method which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the table is partitioned by range or hash method.

ORA-14271 table is not partitioned by Composite Range method

    Cause: The table in ALTER TABLE MODIFY SUBPARTITION {UNUSABLE LOCAL INDEXES | REBUILD UNUSABLE LOCAL INDEXES} statement is not partitioned by composite range method which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that the table is partitioned by composite range method.

ORA-14272 only a partition with higher bound can be reused

    Cause: User attempt to reuse a lower-bound partition in ALTER TABLE MERGE PARTITIONS statement as the resulting partition which is illegal.

    Action: Use the higher-bound partition to be the resulting partition or specify a new partition name.

ORA-14273 lower-bound partition must be specified first

    Cause: User specified higher-bound partition before lower-bound partition in ALTER TABLE MERGE PARTITIONS statement which is illegal.

    Action: Specify lower-bound partition then higher-bound partition.

ORA-14274 partitions being merged are not adjacent

    Cause: User attempt to merge two partitions that are not adjacent to each other which is illegal.

    Action: Specify two partitions that are adjacent.

ORA-14275 cannot reuse lower-bound partition as resulting partition

    Cause: User attempt to reuse lower-bound partition of the partitions being merged which is illegal.

    Action: Specify new resulting partition name or reuse the higher-bound partition only.

ORA-14276 EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION requires a non-partitioned, non-clustered table

    Cause: The table in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION operation is either clustered or partitioned.

    Action: Ensure that the table with which the subpartition is being exchanged for is not partitioned or clustered.

ORA-14277 tables in EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION must have the same number of columns

    Cause: The two tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION have different number of columns.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables have the same number of columns with the same type and size.

ORA-14278 column type or size mismatch in EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION are of different type or size.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables have the same number of columns with the same type and size.

ORA-14279 index mismatch for tables in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION

    Cause: The two tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION have indexes which are not equivalent.

    Action: Ensure that the indexes for the two tables have indexes which follow this rule For every non-partitioned index for the non-partitioned table, there has to be an identical LOCAL index on the partitioned table and vice versa. By identical, the column position, type and size have to be the same.

ORA-14280 all rows in table do not qualify for specified subpartition

    Cause: There is at least one row in the non-partitioned table which does not qualify for the subpartition specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION.

    Action: Ensure that all the rows in the segment qualify for the subpartition. Perform the alter table operation with the NO CHECKING option. Run ANALYZE table VALIDATE on that subpartition to find out the invalid rows and delete them.

ORA-14281 CHECK constraint mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION statement have CHECK constraint defined on them.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables do not have CHECK constraint defined on any column.

ORA-14282 FOREIGN KEY constraint mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION statement have different FOREIGN KEY constraints.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables do not have FOREIGN KEY constraints defined on any column or disable all FOREIGN KEY constraints on both tables. Then retry the operation.

ORA-14283 UNIQUE constraints mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION

    Cause: One of the tables named in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION command has a UNIQUE constraint for which no matching (vis-a-vis key columns) constraint is defined on the other table or a matching constraint is defined on the other table, but it differs from that defined on the first table vis-a-vis being enabled and/or validated.

    Action: Ensure that for every UNIQUE constraint defined on one of the tables named in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE SUBPARTITION statement there is a matching (vis-a-vis key columns and being enabled and/or validated) UNIQUE constraint defined on the other table. If UNIQUE constrains are enabled, UNIQUE constraints on the partitioned table should be enforced using local indexes.

ORA-14284 one or more of table's subpartitions reside in a read-only tablespace

    Cause: User issued ALTER TABLE statement attempting to modify an existing VARCHAR2 (or VARCHAR) column to be of type CHAR (or CHARACTER), increase length of an existing CHAR (or CHARACTER) column, or add a column with user-specified default for a table one or more subpartitions of which reside in read-only tablespaces, which is illegal.

    Action: Avoid performing aforementioned operations on a partitioned table one or more subpartitions of which reside in read-only tablespaces.

ORA-14285 cannot COALESCE the only partition of this partitioned table

    Cause: A COALESCE PARTITION command was issued when there is only one partition in the table which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that there is at least one partition. Drop table to remove all partitions.

ORA-14286 cannot COALESCE the only subpartition of this table partition

    Cause: A COALESCE SUBPARTITION command was issued when there is only one subpartition in the partition which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that there is at least one subpartition. Drop partition to remove all subpartitions.

ORA-14287 cannot REBUILD a partition of a Composite Range partitioned index

    Cause: An attempt was made to rebuild a partition of a composite range-partitioned index which is illegal.

    Action: REBUILD the index partition, a subpartition at a time.

ORA-14288 index is not partitioned by Composite Range method

    Cause: The index in a partition or subpartition maintenance operation (ALTER INDEX MODIFY [SUBPARTITION|DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES FOR PARTITION] or ALTER INDEX REBUILD SUBPARTITION command must be partitioned by composite range method.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-14289 cannot make local index partition of Composite Range partitioned table unusable

    Cause: An attempt was made to rebuild a partition of a composite range partitioned index which is illegal.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-14290 PRIMARY KEY constraint mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION

    Cause: The corresponding columns in the tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement have different PRIMARY KEY constraints.

    Action: Ensure that the two tables do not have PRIMARY KEY constraints defined on any column or disable all PRIMARY KEY constraints on both tables. Then retry the operation.

ORA-14291 cannot EXCHANGE a composite partition with a non-partitioned table

    Cause: A composite partition can only be exchanged with a partitioned table.

    Action: Ensure that the table being exchanged is partitioned or that that the partition being exchanged is non-composite.

ORA-14292 Partitioning type of table must match subpartitioning type of composite partition

    Cause: When exchanging a partitioned table with a composite partition, the partitioning type of the table must match the subpartitioning type of the composite partition.

    Action: Ensure that the partitioning type of partitioned table is the same as the subpartitioning type of the composite partition.

ORA-14293 Number of partitioning columns does not match number of subpartitioning columns

    Cause: When exchanging a partitioned table with a composite partition, the number of partitioning columns of the table must match the number of subpartitioning columns of the composite partition.

    Action: Ensure that the number of partitioning columns in the partitioned table is the same as the number of subpartitioning columns in the composite partition.

ORA-14294 Number of partitions does not match number of subpartitions

    Cause: When exchanging a partitioned table with a composite partition, the number of partitions of the table must match the number of subpartitions of the composite partition.

    Action: Ensure that the number of partitions in the partitioned table is the same as the number of subpartitions in the the composite partition.

ORA-14295 column type or size mismatch between partitioning columns and subpartitioning columns

    Cause: When exchanging a partitioned table with a composite partition, the type and size of the partitioning columns of the table must match the type and size of the subpartitioning columns of the composite partition.

    Action: Ensure that the type and size of the partitioning columns of the partitioned is the same as the type and size of the subpartitioning columns of the composite partition.

ORA-14296 Table block size mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION

    Cause: The block sizes of the two tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are different. For index organized tables, either the block sizes of the index or the overflow (or both) do not match.

    Action: Ensure that the block sizes of the tables involved in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are the same. For index organized tables, ensure that the block sizes of both the index and the overflow of the two tables match.

ORA-14297 Index block size mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION

    Cause: The block sizes of a pair of indexes being exchanged in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are different.

    Action: Ensure that the block sizes of the corresponding pairs of indexes that need to be exchanged in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are the same.

ORA-14298 LOB column block size mismatch in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION

    Cause: The block sizes of a pair of corresponding LOB columns of the two tables specified in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are different.

    Action: Ensure that the block sizes of corresponding pairs of LOB columns of the tables involved in the ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE [SUB]PARTITION statement are the same.

ORA-14301 table-level attributes must be specified before partition-level attributes

    Cause: While processing an ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN statement, table-level attributes of LOB columns were encountered after processing partition-level attributes of LOB columns or while processing CREATE TABLE statement, table-level attributes of LOB columns were encountered after processing partition descriptions.

    Action: Modify the SQL statement to specify table-level attributes prior to partition-level attributes or partition descriptions; then retry the statement.

ORA-14302 only one list of added-LOB-storage-clauses can be specified in a statement

    Cause: While parsing an ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN statement, one list of added-LOB-storage-clauses was parsed when another list of added-LOB-storage-clauses was encountered. There cannot be more than one list of added-LOB-storage-clauses in a statement; all added-LOB-storage-clauses must be combined into one list.

    Action: Combine all of the lists of added-LOB-storage-clauses into one list and retry the statement.

ORA-14303 partitions or subpartitions are not in the right order

    Cause: Descriptions of partitions or subpartitions in an ALTER TABLE ADD COLUMN statement were ordered differently from the DDL order of partitions or subpartitions.

    Action: Re-order the partitions or subpartitions in the added LOB storage clause by partition or subpartition DDL order, and retry the statement.

ORA-14304 List partitioning method expects a single partitioning column

    Cause: Number of columns in a partitioning column list exceeded the legal limit of 1 for list partitioned objects.

    Action: Modify partitioning column list so that it consists of at most 1 column.

ORA-14305 List value 'string' specified twice in partition 'string'

    Cause: A list value cannot be specified more that once.

    Action: Remove one of the specifications of the value.

ORA-14306 List value 'string' specified twice in partitions 'string', 'string'

    Cause: A list value cannot be specified more that once.

    Action: Remove one of the specifications of the value.

ORA-14307 partition contains too many list values

    Cause: Partition list contains more than 65535 list values.

    Action: Reduce the number of values to not exceed 65535 values.

ORA-14308 partition bound element must be one of: string, datetime or interval literal, number, or NULL

    Cause: Partition bound list contained an element of invalid type (i.e. not a number, non-empty string, datetime or interval literal, or NULL).

    Action: Ensure that all elements of partition bound list are of valid type.

ORA-14309 Total count of list values exceeds maximum allowed

    Cause: Partitioned object contains more than 65535 list values.

    Action: Reduce number of values to less than 65535.

ORA-14310 VALUES LESS THAN or AT clause cannot be used with List partitioned tables

    Cause: VALUES LESS THAN or AT clause can be used only with range partitioned tables.

    Action: Use VALUES (<value list>) clause with list partitioned tables.

ORA-14311 Expecting VALUES LESS THAN or AT clause

    Cause: VALUES (<value list>) clause can be used only with list partitioned tables.

    Action: Use VALUES LESS THAN clause with range partitioned tables.

ORA-14312 Value string already exists in partition string

    Cause: One of the list values in the ADD PARTITION or ADD VALUES statement already exists in another partition.

    Action: Remove the duplicate value from the statement and try again.

ORA-14313 Value string does not exist in partition string

    Cause: One of the list values in the SPLIT PARTITION or DROP VALUES statement does not exist in the partition.

    Action: Remove the value from the statement and try again.

ORA-14314 resulting List partition(s) must contain atleast 1 value

    Cause: After a SPLIT/DROP VALUE of a list partition, each resulting partition(as applicable) must contain at least 1 value.

    Action: Ensure that each of the resulting partitions contains at least 1 value.

ORA-14315 cannot merge a partition with itself

    Cause: The same partition name was specified twice for the merge operation.

    Action: Re-submit operation with 2 distinct partition names.

ORA-14316 table is not partitioned by List method

    Cause: ALTER TABLE ADD|DROP VALUES can only be performed on list partitioned objects.

    Action: reissue the command against a list partitoned object.

ORA-14317 cannot drop the last value of partition

    Cause: ALTER TABLE DROP VALUES tried to drop the last value of the partition.

    Action: Cannot execute the command, unless two or more values exist for partition.

ORA-14318 DEFAULT partition must be last partition specified

    Cause: A partition description follows the one describing the default partition.

    Action: Ensure that the DEFAULT partition is the last partition description.

ORA-14319 DEFAULT cannot be specified with other values

    Cause: DEFAULT keyword has been specified along with other values when specifying the values for a list partition.

    Action: Ensure that if DEFAULT is specified, it is the only value specified.

ORA-14320 DEFAULT cannot be specified for ADD/DROP VALUES or SPLIT

    Cause: DEFAULT keyword has been specified when performing an ADD VALUES, DROP VALUES, SPLIT partition, or subpartition.

    Action: Ensure that DEFAULT is not specified for ADD/DROP VALUES or SPLIT partition/subpartition operations.

ORA-14321 cannot add/drop values to DEFAULT partition

    Cause: An ADD/DROP VALUES operation is being performed on the default partition.

    Action: Ensure that ADD/DROP VALUES is not performed on the DEFAULT partition.

ORA-14322 DEFAULT partition already exists

    Cause: A partition already exists with DEFAULT value.

ORA-14323 cannot add partition when DEFAULT partition exists

    Cause: An ADD PARTITION operation cannot be executed when a partition with DEFAULT values exists.

    Action: Issue a SPLIT of the DEFAULT partition instead.

ORA-14324 values being added already exist in DEFAULT partition

    Cause: An ADD VALUE operation cannot be executed because the values being added exist in the DEFAULT partition.

    Action: Issue a SPLIT of the DEFAULT partition and then MERGE the split partition into the partition to which values need to be added.

ORA-14400 inserted partition key does not map to any partition

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a record into, a range or composite range object, with a concatenated partition key that is beyond the concatenated partition bound list of the last partition -OR- an attempt was made to insert a record into a list object with a partition key that did not match the literal values specified for any of the partitions.

    Action: Do not insert the key. Or, add a partition capable of accepting the key. Or, add values matching the key to a partition specification.

ORA-14401 inserted partition key is outside specified partition

    Cause: The concatenated partition key of an inserted record is outside the ranges of the two concatenated partition bound lists that delimit the partition named in the INSERT statement.

    Action: Do not insert the key or insert it in another partition.

ORA-14402 updating partition key column would cause a partition change

    Cause: An UPDATE statement attempted to change the value of a partition key column causing migration of the row to another partition.

    Action: Do not attempt to update a partition key column or make sure that the new partition key is within the range containing the old partition key.

ORA-14403 cursor invalidation detected after getting DML partition lock

    Cause: Cursor invalidation was detected after acquiring a partition lock during an INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE statement.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-14404 partitioned table contains partitions in a different tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains tables whose partitions are not completely contained in this tablespace.

    Action: Find tables with partitions which span the tablespace being dropped and some other tablespace(s). Drop these tables or move partitions to a different tablespace.

ORA-14405 partitioned index contains partitions in a different tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains indexes whose partitions are not completely contained in this tablespace, and which are defined on the tables which are completely contained in this tablespace.

    Action: Find indexes with partitions which span the tablespace being dropped and some other tablespace(s). Drop these indexes, or move the index partitions to a different tablespace, or find the tables on which the indexes are defined, and drop (or move) them.

ORA-14406 updated partition key is beyond highest legal partition key

    Cause: At attempt was made to update a record with a concatenated partition key that is beyond the concatenated partition bound list of the last partition.

    Action: Do not update the key. Or, add a partition capable of accepting the key.

ORA-14407 partitioned table contains subpartitions in a different tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains tables whose subpartitions are not completely contained in this tablespace.

    Action: Find tables with subpartitions which span the tablespace being dropped and some other tablespace(s). Drop these tables or move subpartitions to a different tablespace.

ORA-14408 partitioned index contains subpartitions in a different tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains indexes whose subpartitions are not completely contained in this tablespace, and which are defined on the tables which are completely contained in this tablespace.

    Action: Find indexes with subpartitions which span the tablespace being dropped and some other tablespace(s). Drop these indexes, or move the index partitions to a different tablespace, or find the tables on which the indexes are defined, and drop (or move) them.

ORA-14409 inserted partition key is outside specified subpartition

    Cause: The concatenated partition key of an inserted record is outside the ranges of the two concatenated subpartition bound lists that delimit the subpartition named in the INSERT statement.

    Action: Do not insert the key or insert it in another subpartition.

ORA-14450 attempt to access a transactional temp table already in use

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a transactional temporary table that has been already populated by a concurrent transaction of the same session.

    Action: Do not attempt to access the temporary table until the concurrent transaction has committed or aborted.

ORA-14451 unsupported feature with temporary table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an IOT, specify physical attributes, specify partition or parallel clause.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-14452 attempt to create, alter or drop an index on temporary table already in use

    Cause: An attempt was made to create, alter or drop an index on temporary table which is already in use.

    Action: All the sessions using the session-specific temporary table have to truncate table and all the transactions using transaction specific temporary table have to end their transactions.

ORA-14453 attempt to use a LOB of a temporary table, whose data has already been purged

    Cause: An attempt was made to use LOB from a temporary table whose data has been dropped either because table was transaction-specific and transaction has committed or aborted, table was truncated or session which created this LOB has ended.

    Action: This LOB locator is invalid and cannot be used.

ORA-14454 attempt to reference temporary table in a referential integrity constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference temporary table in a referential integrity constraint. This is not supported.

    Action: Use triggers.

ORA-14455 attempt to create referential integrity constraint on temporary table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a referential integrity constraint on a temporary table. This is not supported.

    Action: Use triggers.

ORA-14456 cannot rebuild index on a temporary table

    Cause: An attempt was made to rebuild an index on a temporary table.

    Action: The index data is anyway lost at end of session/transaction.

ORA-14457 disallowed VARRAY and Nested Table column in a Temporary table

    Cause: An attempt made to create a VARRAY or Nested Table column in a temporary table. This is not supported.

    Action: Do not specify these datatypes for temporary tables.

ORA-14458 attempt was made to create a temporary table with INDEX organization

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an Index Organized Temporary table. This is not supported.

    Action: Create the table with HEAP organization and the primary key.

ORA-14459 missing GLOBAL keyword

    Cause: Keyword GLOBAL is missing while creating temporary table.

    Action: Supply the missing keyword.

ORA-14460 only one COMPRESS or NOCOMPRESS clause may be specified

    Cause: COMPRESS was specified more than once, NOCOMPRESS was specified more than once, or both COMPRESS and NOCOMPRESS were specified.

    Action: Specify each desired COMPRESS or NOCOMPRESS clause option only once.

ORA-14500 LOCAL option not valid without partition name

    Cause: Incorrect syntax specified.

    Action: Retry the command.

ORA-14501 object is not partitioned

    Cause: Table or index is not partitioned. Invalid syntax.

    Action: Retry the command with correct syntax.

ORA-14503 only one partition name can be specified

    Cause: More than one partition name has been specified for analyze.

    Action: Specify one partition name.

ORA-14504 syntax not supported for analyze

    Cause: A partition/subpartition number or bind variable has been used.

    Action: Specify a valid partition/subpartition name.

ORA-14505 LOCAL option valid only for partitioned indexes

    Cause: Incorrect syntax specified.

    Action: Retry the command.

ORA-14506 LOCAL option required for partitioned indexes

    Cause: Incorrect syntax specified.

    Action: Retry the command.

ORA-14507 partition corrupt. all rows do not fall within partition bounds

    Cause: The partition contains rows which should really be in some other partition. Possibly due to an exchange partition without validation.

    Action: Delete rows in partition which do not qualify.

ORA-14508 specified VALIDATE INTO table not found

    Cause: The specified table either does not exist or user does not have the proper privileges.

    Action: Specify the correct table to use.

ORA-14509 specified VALIDATE INTO table form incorrect

    Cause: The specified table does not have the proper field definitions.

    Action: Specify the correct table to use. See UTLVALID.SQL for more information.

ORA-14510 can specify VALIDATE INTO clause only for partitioned tables

    Cause: The VALIDATE INTO has been specified for a non-partitioned table or cluster or index.

    Action: Use the syntax correctly.

ORA-14511 cannot perform operation on a partitioned object

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation that is not allowed on partitioned tables or indexes.

    Action: Retry the command with correct syntax.

ORA-14512 cannot perform operation on a clustered object

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation that is not allowed on clustered tables or indexes.

    Action: Retry the command with correct syntax.

ORA-14513 partitioning column may not be of object datatype

    Cause: Partitioning column specified by the user was an object datatype (object, REF, nested table, array) which is illegal.

    Action: Ensure that no partitioning column is an object datatype.

ORA-14514 LOCAL option not valid without subpartition name

    Cause: Incorrect syntax specified.

    Action: Retry the command.

ORA-14515 only one aubpartition name can be specified

    Cause: More than one subpartition name has been specified for analyze.

    Action: Specify one subpartition name.

ORA-14516 subpartition corrupt. all rows do not fall within subpartition bounds

    Cause: The subpartition contains rows which should really be in some other subpartition. Possibly due to an exchange subpartition without validation.

    Action: Delete rows in subpartition which do not qualify.

ORA-14517 subpartition of index 'string.string' is in unusable state

    Cause: An attempt has been made to access an index subpartition that has been marked unusable by a direct load or by a DDL operation.

    Action: REBUILD the unusable index subpartition.

ORA-14518 partition contains rows corresponding to values being dropped

    Cause: A table partition contains rows for the values being dropped.

    Action: DELETE all rows for the values being dropped and reissue statement.

ORA-14519 Conflicting tablespace blocksizes for string string: Tablespace string block size string [string] conflicts with previously specified/implied tablespace string block size string [string]

    Cause: An attempt has been made to create a partitioned object in a manner that would require the partitioned object to span tablespaces of more than one block size.

    Action: Ensure that all tablespaces specified in the DDL command for the given object as well as any tablespaces implicitly assigned to partitions or subpartitions of the object being created are all of the same block size.

ORA-14520 Tablespace string block size [string] does not match existing object block size [string]

    Cause: A DDL statement was issued that would require a tablespace of a block size different from the block size of the specified partitioned object to be assigned either: (1) As the object's default tablespace (or one of the object's partition-level default tablespaces, if composite partitioning is being used) OR (2) To one of the object's partitions/subpartitions.

    Action: Specify a tablespace of the same block size as the partitioned object.

ORA-14521 Default tablespace string block size [string] for string string does not match existing string block size [string]

    Cause: A DDL statement was issued that would require creation of a new partition/subpartition in the object-level default tablespace of an existing partitioned object. However, the object-level default tablespace block size does not match the block size of the partitioned object.

    Action: Either (1) Modify the default tablespace of the partitioned object to a tablespace of the same block size as the object and then retry the DDL command, OR (2) Ensure that tablespaces of the correct block size are specified for all new partitions/subpartitions being created.

ORA-14522 Partition-level default tablespace string block size [string] for string string does not match existing string block size [string]

    Cause: A DDL statement was issued that would require creation of a new subpartition in one of the partition-level default tablespaces of an existing composite partitioned object. However, the partition-level default tablespace block size does not match the block size of the partitioned object.

    Action: Either (1) Modify the partition-level default tablespace of the appropriate partition of the partitioned object to a tablespace of the same block size as the object and then retry the DDL command, OR (2) Ensure that tablespaces of the correct block size are specified for all new subpartitions being created.

ORA-14523 Cannot co-locate [sub]partition of string string with table [sub]partition because string block size [string] does not match table block size [string]

    Cause: A DDL statement was issued that would require a partition/subpartition of a local index/LOB column to be co-located with the corresponding partition/subpartition of the base table. However, this is not possible because the block sizes of the table and the LOB column/local index are different.

    Action: Either (1) Specify an object-level default tablespace (or partition-level default tablespace for the appropriate partition, if composite partitioning is used) for the partitioned local index/LOB column and then retry the DDL command, OR (2) Ensure that tablespaces of the correct block size are specified for all new partitions/subpartitions being created. Also ensure that neither of TABLESPACE DEFAULT and STORE IN (DEFAULT) is specified for a local index whose block size does not match that of the base table.

ORA-14551 cannot perform a DML operation inside a query

    Cause: DML operation like insert, update, delete or select-for-update cannot be performed inside a query or under a PDML slave.

    Action: Ensure that the offending DML operation is not performed or use an autonomous transaction to perform the DML operation within the query or PDML slave.

ORA-14552 cannot perform a DDL, commit or rollback inside a query or DML

    Cause: DDL operations like creation tables, views etc. and transaction control statements such as commit/rollback cannot be performed inside a query or a DML statement.

    Action: Ensure that the offending operation is not performed or use autonomous transactions to perform the operation within the query/DML operation.

ORA-14553 cannot perform a lob write operation inside a query

    Cause: A LOB write operation cannot be performed inside a query or a PDML slave.

    Action: Ensure that the offending LOB write operation is not performed or use an autonomous transaction to perform the operation within the query or PDML slave.

ORA-14601 Illegal to specify SUBPARTITIONS or STORE-IN while specifying a subpartition template

    Cause: Cannot specify these clauses while specifying a template.

    Action: Correct the subpartition template clause.

ORA-14602 SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE is legal only for a composite partitioned table

    Cause: SUBPARTITION TEMPLATEs can only be specified for composite partitioned tables.

    Action: Do not use SUBPARTITION TEMPLATEs on non-partitioned or non-composite partitioned tables.

ORA-14603 [SUBPARTITIONS | SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE] subpartition_count syntax is valid only for range-hash tables

    Cause: This syntax is valid only if subpartitioning dimension is hash.

ORA-14604 During CREATE TABLE time it is illegal to specify SUBPARTITIONS or STORE IN once a SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE has been specified

    Cause: Once a subpartition template has been specified during CREATE TABLE, it is illegal to specify SUBPARTITIONS or STORE IN anywhere else.

    Action: Remove either SUBPARTITIONS or STORE IN, or remove the SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE clause.

ORA-14605 Name missing for subpartition / lob segment in template

    Cause: A subpartition / lob segment was not specified a name in the template descriptions.

    Action: All subpartitions / lob segments must have names specified in the template.

ORA-14606 Tablespace was specified for previous subpartitions in template but is not specified for string

    Cause: Tablespaces may either be specified for all subpartitions or must not be specified for any subpartitions.

    Action: Either specify tablespaces for all or for none of the subpartitions.

ORA-14607 Tablespace was not specified for previous subpartitions in template but is specified for string

    Cause: Tablespaces may either be specified for all subpartitions or must not be specified for any subpartitions.

    Action: Either specify tablespaces for all or for none of the subpartitions.

ORA-14608 Tablespace was specified for the previous lob segments of column string in template but is not specified for string

    Cause: Tablespaces may either be specified for all lob segments of a column or must not be specified for any lob segments of this column.

    Action: Either specify tablespaces for all or for none of the lob segments.

ORA-14609 Tablespace was not specified for the previous lob segments of column string in template but is specified for string

    Cause: Tablespaces may either be specified for all lob segments of a column or must not be specified for any lob segments of this column.

    Action: Either specify tablespaces for all or for none of the lob segments.

ORA-14610 Lob attributes not specified for lob column string for subpartition string

    Cause: Lob attributes of a column must be specified for all subpartitions or must not be specified at all.

    Action: Ensure lob attributes of a column are specified for all subpartitions or not specified at all.

ORA-14611 Duplicate subpartition name string in template

    Cause: A subpartition name cannot be duplicated within the template.

    Action: Rename one of the subpartitions.

ORA-14612 Duplicate lob segment name string for lob column string in template

    Cause: Two lob segments of the same column were given the same name in the template.

    Action: Rename one of the lob segments.

ORA-14613 Attempt to generate name from parent name string and template name string failed as the combine named would have been longer than allowed

    Cause: Any name generated from a partition name and template name must be less than the maximum permissible name for an identifier.

    Action: Shorten either the partition name or the template name.

ORA-14614 List value 'string' specified twice in subpartition 'string'

    Cause: A list value cannot be specified more than once.

    Action: Remove one of the specifications of the value.

ORA-14615 List value 'string' specified twice in subpartitions 'string', 'string'

    Cause: A list value cannot be specified more than once.

    Action: Remove one of the specifications of the value.

ORA-14616 table is not subpartitioned by List method

    Cause: A subpartition maintenance operation such as ALTER TABLE MODIFY SUBPARTITION ADD | DROP VALUES or ALTER TABLE DROP | SPLIT | MERGE SUBPARTITION can only be performed on List subpartitioned objects.

    Action: Re-issue the command against a List subpartitioned object.

ORA-14617 cannot add/drop values to DEFAULT subpartition

    Cause: An ADD/DROP VALUES operation is being performed on the default subpartition.

    Action: Ensure that ADD/DROP VALUES is not done on the DEFAULT subpartition.

ORA-14618 cannot drop the last value of subpartition

    Cause: ALTER TABLE DROP VALUES tried to drop the last value of the subpartition.

    Action: Cannot execute the command, unless two or more values exist for subpartition.

ORA-14619 resulting List subpartition(s) must contain at least 1 value

    Cause: After a SPLIT/DROP VALUE of a list subpartition, each resulting subpartition(as applicable) must contain at least 1 value.

    Action: Ensure that each of the resulting subpartitions contains at least 1 value.

ORA-14620 DEFAULT subpartition already exists

    Cause: A subpartition already exists with DEFAULT value.

    Action: Remove the DEFAULT value from the specified list.

ORA-14621 cannot add subpartition when DEFAULT subpartition exists

    Cause: An ADD SUBPARTITION operation cannot be executed when a subpartition with DEFAULT values exists.

    Action: Issue a SPLIT of the DEFAULT subpartition instead.

ORA-14622 Value string already exists in subpartition string

    Cause: One of the list values in the ADD SUBPARTITION or ADD VALUES statement already exists in another subpartition.

    Action: Remove the duplicate value from the statement and try again.

ORA-14623 Value string does not exist in subpartition string

    Cause: One of the list values in the SPLIT PARTITION or DROP VALUES statement does not exist in the subpartition.

    Action: Remove the value from the statement and try again.

ORA-14624 DEFAULT subpartition must be last subpartition specified

    Cause: A subpartition description follows the one describing the default subpartition.

    Action: Ensure that the DEFAULT subpartition is the last subpartition description.

ORA-14625 subpartition contains rows corresponding to values being dropped

    Cause: Table subpartition contains rows for the values being dropped.

    Action: DELETE all rows for the values being dropped and re-issue the statement.

ORA-14626 values being added already exist in DEFAULT subpartition

    Cause: An ADD VALUE operation cannot be executed because the values being added exist in the DEFAULT subpartition.

    Action: Issue a SPLIT of the DEFAULT subpartition and then MERGE the split subpartition into the subpartition to which values need to be added.

ORA-14627 Invalid operation was specified on a GLOBAL partitioned index

    Cause: An invalid operation such as ALTER INDEX DROP|SPLIT SUBPARTITION was specified on the global index.

    Action: Ensure that subpartition level operations are not specified on a GLOBAL index, since these are only RANGE partitioned.

ORA-14628 specification of bounds is inconsistent with LIST method

    Cause: An operation such as ALTER TABLE SPLIT | ADD SUBPARTITION specified bounds that were inconsistent with List subpartitioning method.

    Action: Specify VALUES/subpartition descriptions correctly for SPLIT/ADD of List subpartitions.

ORA-14629 cannot drop the only subpartition of a partition

    Cause: A drop subpartition command is being executed when there is only one subpartition in the partition.

ORA-14630 subpartition resides in offlined tablespace

    Cause: User attempted an operation requiring that we access data in a subpartition which resides in a tablespace which was taken offline. Such operations include trying to drop a tablespace of a table which has indexes defined on it or is referenced by a constraint.

    Action: Bring the tablespace online before attempting the operation.

ORA-14631 the partition bounds do not match the subpartition bounds of the partition

    Cause: When exchanging a partitioned table with a composite partition, the bounds that describe the partitions of the table must match the bounds that describe the subpartitions of the composite partition.

    Action: Ensure that the bounds describing partitions in the partitioned table are the same as the bounds of the subpartitions in the composite partition.

ORA-14632 cannot specify PARALLEL clause when adding a List subpartition

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE ADD SUBPARTITION statement was issued with a PARALLEL clause for a List subpartition of a Range/List partitioned object. This is not allowed.

    Action: Remove the PARALLEL clause.

ORA-14633 Index maintainence clause not allowed for ADD list subpartition to a Composite partitioned table

    Cause: The clause INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES is allowed only for ADD hash subpartition to a composite partitioned table.

    Action: Remove clause and re-issue the operation.

ORA-14634 Subpartition descriptions cannot be specified during the SPLIT/MERGE of a partition of a Range-List partitioned table

    Cause: During a split or a merge of a partition of a range list partitioned table, you cannot specify any subpartitioning information for the resulting partitions.

    Action: Remove all subpartitioning information from the DDL.

ORA-14635 only one resulting subpartition can be specified for MERGE SUBPARTITIONS

    Cause: ALTER TABLE MERGE SUBPARTITIONS contained more than one resulting subpartition for the MERGE.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly one subpartition as the target that needs to be MERGEd.

ORA-14636 only 2 resulting subpartition can be specified for SPLIT SUBPARTITION

    Cause: ALTER TABLE SPLIT SUBPARTITION contained more than 2 resulting subpartition for the SPLIT.

    Action: Ensure that the statement describes exactly 2 subpartitions as the target of the SPLIT operation.

ORA-14637 cannot merge a subpartition with itself

    Cause: The same subpartition name was specified twice for the merge operation.

    Action: Re-submit operation with 2 distinct subpartition names within the same composite partition.

ORA-14638 cannot MERGE subpartitions in different Range Composite partitions

    Cause: An attempt was made to MERGE subpartitions in different Range Composite partitions.

    Action: Re-issue the command after ensuring that the 2 subpartitions being merged lie within the same composite partition.

ORA-14639 SUBPARTITIONS clause can be specified only for Hash, Composite Range Hash table/partition

    Cause: Attempted to specify SUBPARTITIONS clause on table that is not partitioned by the Composite Range-Hash method.

    Action: Re-issue the command after ensuring that the SUBPARTITIONS clause is not specified. To specify a template for a Composite Range List object use the SUBPARTITION TEMPLATE clause.

ORA-14640 DROP/SPLIT SUBPARTITION may not be applied to a LOCAL index subpartition

    Cause: User attempted to drop or split a subpartition of a LOCAL index which is illegal.

    Action: Issue the statement on a table subpartition instead.

ORA-14641 STORE-IN clause can be specified only for a Hash, Composite Range Hash table/partition

    Cause: Specifying a STORE-IN clause during CREATE/ALTER of a Range, Composite Range List partitioned table which is not allowed.

    Action: Re-issue the statement after removing the STORE-IN clause.

ORA-14642 Bitmap index mismatch for tables in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: The two tables in the EXCHANGE have usable bitmap indexes, and the INCLUDING INDEXES option has been specified and the tables have different hakan factors.

    Action: Perform the exchange with the EXCLUDING INDEXES option or alter the bitmap indexes to be unusable.

ORA-14643 Hakan factor mismatch for tables in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: Either records_per_block has been minimized for one of the tables to be exchanged, but not the other, or the hakan factors for the tables to be exchanged are not equal.

    Action: If records_per_block has been minimized for one of the tables, but not the other, either perform alter table with the NOMINIMIZE RECORDS_PER_BLOCK option for both tables, or perform alter table with the MINIMIZE RECORDS_PER_BLOCK for both tables. If the hakan factors do not match, then perform alter table with the NOMINIMIZE RECORDS_PER_BLOCK option for both tables.

ORA-14644 table is not subpartitioned by Hash method

    Cause: A subpartition maintenance operation such as ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION COALESCE SUBPARTITION can only be performed on Hash subpartitioned objects.

    Action: Re-issue the command against a Hash subpartitioned object.

ORA-14645 STORE IN clause cannot be specified for Range List objects

    Cause: A STORE IN clause was specified for Range List partitioned object.

    Action: Re-issue the command after removing the STORE IN clause.

ORA-16000 database open for read-only access

    Cause: The database has been opened for read-only access. Attempts to modify the database using inappropriate DML or DDL statements generate this error.

    Action: In order to modify the database, it must first be shut down and reopened for read-write access.

ORA-16001 database already open for read-only access by another instance

    Cause: The database has been opened for read-only access by another instance, and cannot be opened for read-write access by this instance.

    Action: This instance must be opened for read-write access, or all other instances must first be shut down and reopened for read-only access.

ORA-16002 database already open for read-write access by another instance

    Cause: The database has been opened for read-write access by another instance, and cannot be opened for read-only access by this instance.

    Action: This instance must be opened for read-only access, or all other instances must first be shut down and reopened for read-write access.

ORA-16003 standby database is restricted to read-only access

    Cause: To ensure its integrity, a standby database can only be opened for read-only access.

    Action: reissue the ALTER DATABASE OPEN specifying READ ONLY.

ORA-16004 backup database requires recovery

    Cause: The control file is for a backup database which requires recovery, and cannot be opened for read-only access by this instance.

    Action: Perform the necessary recovery and re-open for read-only access.

ORA-16005 database requires recovery

    Cause: The database requires recovery, and therefore cannot be opened for read-only access by this instance.

    Action: Perform the necessary recovery and re-open for read-only access.

ORA-16006 audit_trail destination incompatible with database open mode

    Cause: The AUDIT_TRAIL initialization parameter was set to "DB" (or TRUE), which is incompatible with a database opened for read-only access.

    Action: When the database is opened for read-only access, the AUDIT_TRAIL initialization parameter can only be set to "OS" or "NONE" (FALSE).

ORA-16007 invalid backup control file checkpoint

    Cause: The backup control file being opened for read-only access does not contain a valid control file checkpoint. Therefore the database cannot be opened for read-only access.

    Action: First open the database for read-write access which will result in a valid control file checkpoint. Then re-open the database for read-only access.

ORA-16008 indeterminate control file checkpoint

    Cause: The control file for the database being opened for read-only access was created via CREATE CONTROLFILE. Therefore a control file checkpoint could not be calculated and the database cannot be opened for read-only access.

    Action: First open the database for read-write access which will result in a valid control file checkpoint. Then re-open the database for read-only access.

ORA-16009 remote archive log destination must be a STANDBY database

    Cause: The database associated with the archive log destination service name is other than the required STANDBY type database. Remote archival of redo log files is not allowed to non-STANDBY database instances.

    Action: Take the necessary steps to create the required compatible STANDBY database before retrying the ARCHIVE LOG processing.

ORA-16010 remote archive log destination database is opened for update

    Cause: The database associated with the archive log destination service name is opened for update access. Remote archival of redo log files to standby databases opened for update access is not allowed.

    Action: Shut down the standby destination instance and re-open for read-only access or simply leave the standby instance mounted and unopened.

ORA-16011 Archivelog Remote File Server process in Error state

    Cause: The archivelog remote file server (RFS) process at the specified standby database site has experienced an unrecoverable error and is unable to receive further archive log data.

    Action: Correct the problem at the standby database site.

ORA-16012 Archive log standby database identifier mismatch

    Cause: The database identifiers of the Primary and Standby database do not match. Remote archival of redo log files is not allowed to incompatible STANDBY database instances.

    Action: Take the necessary steps to create the required compatible STANDBY database before retrying the ARCHIVE LOG processing.

ORA-16013 log string sequence# string does not need archiving

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the named file manually, but the file did not require archiving. The file had previously been successfully archived.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-16014 log string sequence# string not archived, no available destinations

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the named log, but the archive was unsuccessful. The archive failed because there were no archive log destinations specified or all destinations experienced debilitating errors.

    Action: Verify that archive log destinations are being specified and/or take the necessary step to correct any errors that may have occurred.

ORA-16015 log string sequence# string not archived, media recovery disabled

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the named log, but the archive was unsuccessful. A standby archive log destination was specified and the database was not media recovery enabled. This is not allowed.

    Action: Disable the standby destination or enable media recovery and retry.

ORA-16016 archived log for thread string sequence# string unavailable

    Cause: The managed standby database recovery operation has timed out waiting for the requested archived log file.

    Action: Verify that the primary database is still archiving redo logs to the standby recovery database site and reissue the RECOVER STANDBY DATABASE WAIT command.

ORA-16017 cannot use LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST without a primary archive destination

    Cause: The LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameter was set to a non-NULL value when the primary archive destination was explicitly set to NULL.

    Action: Set the primary archive destination to a valid non-NULL value.

ORA-16018 cannot use string with LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n

    Cause: One of the following events caused an incompatibility:

        * The LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter was in use when a LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) was encountered while fetching initialization parameters.
        * An ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO command was in effect when a LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter was encountered while fetching initialization parameters.
        * A LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter was in use when an ALTER SYSTEM statement was used to define a value for either the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameter.

    Action: Eliminate any incompatible parameter definitions.

ORA-16019 cannot use string with LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST

    Cause: One of the following events caused an incompatibility:

        * The LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter was in use when the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) was encountered while fetching initialization parameters.
        * The LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter was in use when an attempt was made to use an ALTER SYSTEM or ALTER SESSION statement to define a value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.
        * An ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO statement was in effect when the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter was encountered while fetching initialization parameters.
        * An ALTER SYSTEM ARCHIVE LOG START TO command was in effect when an attempt was made to use an ALTER SYSTEM or ALTER SESSION command to define a value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

    Action: Eliminate any incompatible parameter definitions.

ORA-16020 less destinations available than specified by LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST

    Cause: With automatic archiving enabled, the number of archive log destinations that could be used for the database was less than the LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter value.

    Action: Either adjust the settings of the log archive destination parameters, or lower the value of LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST.

ORA-16021 session string destination cannot be the same as session string destination

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the first specified archive log parameter using ALTER SESSION to have a destination value that duplicates the session-level destination value of the second specified archive log parameter.

    Action: Specify a different session destination value for one of the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters.

ORA-16022 LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST cannot be NULL because LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST is non-NULL

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST initialization parameter to NULL when the LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter is non-NULL.

    Action: Either set the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST initialization parameter to a non-NULL value, or set the LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter to a NULL value.

ORA-16023 system string destination cannot be the same as session string destination

    Cause: An attempt to change the first specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) produced a destination that duplicates the session destination value of the second specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter. This error can occur when setting a non-NULL value with the ALTER SYSTEM statement. Or, this error can occur when setting a NULL value with ALTER SESSION command, because then the associated system destination value may appear as a duplicate.

    Action: Specify a different destination value for the first specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16024 parameter string cannot be parsed

    Cause: The value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) could not be parsed. Common causes for this error are a misplaced equal sign, an unrecognized attribute, or an attribute that is missing a required value.

    Action: Correct the value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16025 parameter string contains repeated or conflicting attributes

    Cause: The value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) contained either repeated attributes or attributes that conflicted with each other.

    Action: Correct the value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16026 parameter string contains an invalid numeric attribute value

    Cause: The value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) contained a REOPEN attribute with an invalid numeric value. The valid range is 0 - 65535.

    Action: Correct the value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16027 parameter string is missing a destination option

    Cause: The value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) failed to include a destination option. A destination option is specified using either the LOCATION or SERVICE attribute.

    Action: Correct the value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16028 new string causes less destinations than LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST requires

    Cause: With automatic archiving enabled, an attempt was made to change the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n or a LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_n parameter (n = 1, 2, ... 10) to a value that reduces the number of archive log destinations to less than the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST value.

    Action: Either select different options for the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n or LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_n parameters, or reduce the value for the LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter.

ORA-16029 cannot change LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST, no archive log destinations

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter when there are no archive log destinations.

    Action: Define one or more log archive destinations using the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST, LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST, or LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters (n = 1, 2, ... 10). Then, change the value of the LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter.

ORA-16030 session specific change requires a LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n destination

    Cause: The following event caused an incompatibility: Parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST was in use when an attempt was made to change the LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter with an ALTER SESSION statement.

    Action: Replace any LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST and LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameters with LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n (n = 1, 2, ... 10) parameters.

ORA-16031 parameter string destination string exceeds string character limit

    Cause: The value for the specified parameter contained a destination string that is too long.

    Action: Replace the destination value for the specified parameter with a character string that has a length below the limit specified in the error message.

ORA-16032 parameter string destination string cannot be translated

    Cause: The value for the specified parameter contained a destination string that could not be translated.

    Action: Use a valid destination string in the specified parameter.

ORA-16033 parameter string destination cannot be the same as parameter string destination

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the first specified archive log parameter to have a destination value that duplicates the system-level destination value of the second specified archive log parameter.

    Action: Specify a different value for one of the archive log parameters.

ORA-16034 FROM parameter is incompatible with MANAGED recovery

    Cause: Use of the FROM 'location' parameter is not allowed when MANAGED recovery has been specified.

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry the command.

ORA-16035 missing required keyword string

    Cause: The indicated keyword is required but was not specified.

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry the command.

ORA-16036 invalid MANAGED recovery CANCEL option

    Cause: A mode other than IMMEDIATE follows the CANCEL keyword in RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify either nothing or IMMEDIATE following CANCEL.

ORA-16037 user requested cancel of managed recovery operation

    Cause: The managed standby database recovery operation has been canceled per user request.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-16038 log string sequence# string cannot be archived

    Cause: An attempt was made to archive the named file, but the file could not be archived. Examine the secondary error messages to determine the cause of the error.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-16039 RFS request version mismatch

    Cause: A request to archive a redo log to a standby site failed because the request was incompatible with the Remote File Server (RFS) at the standby site.

    Action: Verify that compatible versions of Oracle are running on the primary and all standby sites.

ORA-16040 standby destination archive log file is locked

    Cause: The target standby destination archive log file is currently locked. This indicates that the file is being archived to by another Remote File Server (RFS) process.

    Action: Check for and eliminate duplicate standby destination archive log service names defined for the primary database.

ORA-16041 Remote File Server fatal error

    Cause: The Remote File Server (RFS) process at the standby destination archive log site has encountered a disabling error and is no longer available. Further archiving to the standby site may not be possible.

    Action: Refer to the appropriate RFS trace file located at the standby site for details regarding the error encountered and if possible, take corrective action.

ORA-16042 user requested cancel immediate of managed recovery operation

    Cause: The managed standby database recovery operation has been canceled immediately per user request. Processing of the current archive log file has been interrupted and therefore the database is in an inconsistent state.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16043 managed recovery session canceled

    Cause: The standby database managed recovery operation has been canceled per user request or operation timeout.

    Action: More specific messages will accompany this message.

ORA-16044 destination string attribute cannot be specified at session level

    Cause: An archive log destination attribute was attempted to be modified at the session level.

    Action: Use the ALTER SYSTEM command to modify the destination attribute.

ORA-16045 circular archive log destination dependency chain

    Cause: An archive log destination contains a dependency to another archive log destination that also contains a dependency.

    Action: The parent archive log destination cannot be dependent on another archive log destination. Use the ALTER SYSTEM statement to remove one of the dependency attributes.

ORA-16046 Archive log destination failed due to failed dependent destination

    Cause: The archive log destination is dependent upon another destination, which has failed. Therefore, this destination also fails.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16047 Dependent archive log destination cannot be a standby database

    Cause: The parent archive log destination cannot be a standby database. It must be a local archive log destination.

    Action: Change the parent archive log destination from referencing a standby database to referencing a local archive log repository.

ORA-16048 enable simulated error on archive log write

    Cause: Causes an I/O error to be signalled during the writing of an archival operation.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16049 simulated error on archive log write

    Cause: I/O error returned for a simulated archival failure during an archival operation.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16050 destination exceeded specified quota size

    Cause: An archive log was attempted to be created in a destination with a specified maximum quota size. The creation of the archive log exceeded the specified quota size. Therefore, the destination has been made inaccessible to future archival operations.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16051 parameter string contains an invalid delay time

    Cause: The value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n (n = 1...10) parameter contained a DELAY attribute with an invalid numeric value. The valid range is 0-5760 (in minutes).

    Action: Correct the value for the indicated LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16052 Problem with fetching gap sequence, media recovery cancelled.

    Cause: A gap sequence is detected on the standby database while it was trying to perform managed standby recovery. The fetching of the gap sequence fails. The failures are logged in the alert log on the primary database.

    Action: Check the alert log on primary and standby database. Take appropriate action to make the gap sequence available again. Managed standby recovery on the standby database cannot proceed further until the standby database is able to get the gap sequence redo log files.

ORA-16053 FAL archive failed, cannot archive thread# string sequence# string

    Cause: The FAL server on the primary database has problem archiving a redo log file requested by the standby database. The cause for this failure is logged in the alert log file.

    Action: Check the alert log on the primary database. Take the appropriate action to solve the problem. Re-issue Managed Standby Recovery on the standby database again.

ORA-16055 FAL request rejected

    Cause: FAL server rejects the FAL request from the FAL client. This may be caused by different reasons.

    Action: Check the alert log on the primary database. Take the appropriate action to solve the problem.

ORA-16056 backup control file archival requires proper syntax

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an online log file archival using a backup control file. However, the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE syntax was not specified.

    Action: If the archival operation is correct when using a backup control file, then the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE syntax is required.

ORA-16057 current control file archival requires proper syntax

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an online log file archival using a current control file. However, the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE syntax was specified.

    Action: If the archival operation is correct when using a current control file, then the USING BACKUP CONTROLFILE syntax is not required.

ORA-16058 standby database instance is not mounted

    Cause: The RFS process on the standby database received an internal error.

    Action: Check the standby alert log and RFS trace files for more information.

ORA-16059 Log file is empty or invalid next available block

    Cause: Archiving not allowed of an empty or invalid log file.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16060 Log file is current

    Cause: The current log file cannot be archived using its file name.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16061 Log file status has changed

    Cause: It is possible the online log file was reclaimed as a new log file either before archival started, or during the archival operation.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16062 The log was NOT archived

    Cause: Archiving not allowed of current log file.

    Action: Check the alert log and archive trace files for additional information.

ORA-16063 remote archival is enabled by another instance

    Cause: Remote archival of database REDO log files has been enabled by another instance, and cannot be disabled for this instance.

    Action: Set the REMOTE_ARCHIVE_ENABLE parameter to true and restart this instance.

ORA-16064 remote archival is disabled by another instance

    Cause: Remote archival of database REDO log files has been disabled by another instance, and cannot be enabled for this instance.

    Action: Set the REMOTE_ARCHIVE_ENABLE parameter to false and restart this instance.

ORA-16065 remote archival disabled at standby destination

    Cause: Receipt of remote archived REDO log files has been disabled at the associated standby destination host database.

    Action: If appropriate, change the associated archive log parameter to specify a local destination with the LOCATION keyword or defer the associated archive log destination. Or, if possible, set the standby REMOTE_ARCHIVE_ENABLE parameter to true and restart the standby database instance before further REDO log file archivals occur.

ORA-16066 remote archival disabled

    Cause: An archive log destination parameter has specified a remote destination with the SERVICE keyword. Remote archival of REDO log files has been disabled for this database. The associated archive log destination has been disabled.

    Action: If appropriate, change the archive log parameter to specify a local destination with the LOCATION keyword or (if appropriate) set the REMOTE_ARCHIVE_ENABLE parameter to true and restart the database instance before further REDO log file archivals occur.

ORA-16067 activation identifier mismatch in archive log string

    Cause: The activation identifier contained in the archive log file header does not match the activation identifier of the database being recovered. The indicated archive log cannot be applied to the database.

    Action: Locate the appropriate archive log for the database.

ORA-16068 redo log file activation identifier mismatch

    Cause: The activation identifier of the indicated redo log file does not match the activation identifier of the database.

ORA-16069 Archive Log standby database activation identifier mismatch

    Cause: The activation identifiers of the Primary and Standby database do not match. Remote archival of redo log files is not allowed to incompatible STANDBY database instances. This can occur when trying to apply an incorrect archive log to a standby database, or when trying to archive to a standby database that does not match the primary database.

    Action: Take the necessary steps to create the required compatible STANDBY database before retrying the ARCHIVE LOG processing.

ORA-16070 parameter string contains an invalid REGISTER attribute value

    Cause: The value for the specified LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n (n = 1...10) parameter contained a REGISTER attribute that specified an invalid file name template string. If specified, the REGISTER file name template string must indicate an operating system-specific file path name including thread and log sequence number substitution directives (%t, %T, %s, %S).

    Action: Correct the value for the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameter.

ORA-16071 dependency archived log file not found string

    Cause: The specified archived log file was not found at the indicated standby destination.

    Action: Verify the correctness of the dependency archived log file name template specified for the indicated standby destination against the actual dependency archived log file.

ORA-16072 a minimum of one standby database destination is required

    Cause: No standby database archive log destinations were specified.

    Action: Specify a standby archive log destination in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-16073 archiving must be enabled

    Cause: Online log file archiving is disabled.

    Action: Enable log file archiving.

ORA-16074 ARCH processes must be active

    Cause: There are no active ARCH processes.

    Action: It is required that at least one ARCH process be active.

ORA-16075 standby database destination mismatch

    Cause: A standby database destination was specified that is not accessed by another instance.

    Action: All database instances must access the same standby databases.

ORA-16076 unknown standby database destination

    Cause: A standby database destination was specified that is not accessed by another instance.

    Action: All database instances must access the same standby databases.

ORA-16078 media recovery disabled

    Cause: The database is not in ARCHIVELOG mode.

    Action: Place the database in ARCHIVELOG mode.

ORA-16079 standby archival not enabled

    Cause: The standby database does not have archival enabled.

    Action: In order to allow the standby database to access the standby log files, the ARCH process must be enabled and active.

ORA-16080 invalid LogMiner session string for APPLY

    Cause: Logical standby apply engine was started with an invalid LogMiner session identifier.

    Action: Fix the problem with the LogMiner session or create a new session.

ORA-16081 insufficient number of processes for APPLY

    Cause: Logical standby apply engine was started with fewer processes available than needed.

    Action: Increase the values of the initialization parameters PROCESSES and PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS, or the MAX_SLAVES parameter seen in the DBA_LOGSTDBY_PARAMETERS view.

ORA-16082 logical standby is not initialized correctly

    Cause: Logical standby apply engine was started but it found inconsistencies in its metadata.

    Action: Look in the trace file for more information.

ORA-16083 LogMiner session has not been created

    Cause: Logical standby apply engine was started without creating a LogMiner session.

    Action: Create a LogMiner session and restart the apply engine.

ORA-16084 an apply engine is already running

    Cause: A logical standby apply engine was running when another was created.

    Action: Shut down the previous apply engine before starting a new one.

ORA-16086 standby database does not contain available standby log files

    Cause: The primary database is in "no data loss" mode, but the standby database does not contain any "standby log files".

    Action: Add one or more standby log files to the standby database. This can be done while the standby database is mounted.

ORA-16087 graceful switchover requires standby or current control file

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform a graceful switchover operation using a backup or clone control file.

    Action: Convert the backup control file into a current control file prior to attempting a graceful switchover operation. A clone control file cannot be used for a graceful switchover operation.

ORA-16088 archive log has not been completely archived

    Cause: An attempt was made to register an archive log that has not been completely archived. The specified archive log may be a "current" log file.

    Action: Specify a completed archive log.

ORA-16089 archive log has already been registered

    Cause: An attempt was made to register an archive log that already has a corresponding thread# and sequence# entry in the standby database control file. Duplicate information is not permitted.

    Action: Use the V$ARCHIVED_LOG fixed view to verify the archive log information.

ORA-16090 archive log to be replaced not created by managed standby process

    Cause: An attempt was made to replace an archive log entry that was not originally created by the managed standby operation.

    Action: No user action required.

ORA-16091 dependent archive log destination already archived

    Cause: An archive log destination contains a dependency to another archive log destination that has previously been archived.

    Action: The parent archive log destination cannot be dependent on another archive log destination. Use the ALTER SYSTEM statement to remove one of the dependency attributes.

ORA-16092 dependent archive log destination is not active

    Cause: An archive log destination contains a dependency to another archive log destination that is not active.

    Action: The child archive log destination cannot be dependent on another invalid archive log destination. Use the ALTER SYSTEM statement to remove one of the dependency attributes.

ORA-16093 dependent archive log destination is not LGWR-enabled

    Cause: An archive log destination contains a dependency to another archive log destination that is not enabled for the LGWR process.

    Action: The child archive log destination cannot be dependent on another archive log destination not archived by the LGWR. Use the ALTER SYSTEM statement to change the parent archive log to specify the LGWR process.

ORA-16094 database shutdown during archival operation

    Cause: The database was shut down while an online log file archival was active.

    Action: No action required. The ARCH process is terminated.

ORA-16095 Dependent destination removal for inactivation

    Cause: A dependent archive log destination was inactivated due to the parent archive log destination becoming inelligible for archival. This may be due to the parent destination being manually deferred by an application user.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16098 inaccessible standby database forced shutdown to protect primary

    Cause: No standby database archive log destinations remain accessible and the primary database is in "protected" no-data-loss mode.

    Action: Specify an alternate standby archive log destination in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-16099 internal error ORA-00600 occurred at standby database

    Cause: The RFS process on the standby database received an internal error.

    Action: Check the standby alert log and RFS trace files for more information.

ORA-16100 not a valid Logical Standby database

    Cause: This database has not been completely configured as a Logical Standby database.

    Action: Verify that the database is the intended Logical Standby database. Ensure that you already started logical standby apply with the ALTER DATABASE START LOGICAL APPLY INITIAL statement. See the Oracle9i SQL Reference for the statement syntax.

ORA-16101 a valid start SCN could not be found

    Cause: An SCN from which to start could not be found.

    Action: Register the first log file following the backup from which this database was generated. Using the ALTER DATABASE REGISTER LOGFILE statement to register the database is recommended. Alternatively, you can provide a starting SCN value with this statement.

ORA-16102 remote information is not available on the specified primary

    Cause: The new primary has not completed generating the necessary information for the standby to begin consuming its log stream.

    Action: Verify that the database link provided references a system that is about to become a new primary. Wait a short time before retrying the command to allow the primary some time to generate the necessary information.

ORA-16103 Logical Standby apply must be stopped to allow this operation

    Cause: Logical Standby is currently applying changes. The apply must complete or be stopped to allow the requested operation.

    Action: Execute the ALTER DATABASE STOP LOGICAL STANDBY APPLY statement, then re-enter or re-specify the operation.

ORA-16104 invalid Logical Standby option requested

    Cause: The option requested is not valid.

    Action: Check spelling or refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference for the correct statement syntax, then re-enter the request.

ORA-16105 Logical Standby is already running in background

    Cause: A Logical Standby apply operation is already running.

    Action: no action required.

ORA-16107 all log data from primary has been processed

    Cause: On the primary system, the log stream has been ended by the ALTER DATABASE PREPARE TO SWITCHOVER TO LOGICAL STANDBY statement.

    Action: Issue one of the following statements to make this standby a primary or resume applying changes from a new primary:

    ALTER DATABASE PREPARE TO SWITCHOVER TO LOGICAL PRIMARY;
    ALTER DATABASE START LOGICAL STANDBY APPLY NEW PRIMARY dblink;


ORA-16108 database is no longer a standby database

    Cause: The current database has already been made a primary database.

    Action: Issue the following statements to make this primary a standby:

    ALTER DATABASE PREPARE TO SWITCHOVER TO LOGICAL STANDBY;
    ALTER DATABASE START LOGICAL STANDBY APPLY NEW PRIMARY dblink;


ORA-16109 failed to apply log data from previous primary

    Cause: Log data from previous primary could not be completely applied.

    Action: Check DBA_LOGSTDBY_EVENTS for failures and take corrective action. Then, re-issue command.

ORA-16110 user procedure processing of logical standby apply DDL

    Cause: A user provided stored procedure has been called to inspect a DDL statement prior to it being processed.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record user involvement in the processing of a statement. Additional information can be found in the DBA_LOGSTDBY_EVENTS and the DBA_LOGSTDBY_SKIP views.

ORA-16111 log mining and apply setting up

    Cause: This logical standby process is setting up to begin processing changes.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16112 log mining and apply stopping

    Cause: This logical standby process is cleaning up and stopping Logical Standby apply.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16113 applying change to table or sequence object number string

    Cause: The process is applying changes to a specific schema object.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16114 applying DDL transaction with commit SCN string

    Cause: The process is applying a DDL change that's committed at the given SCN.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16115 loading Log Miner dictionary data

    Cause: The process is loading dictionary information from the redo stream. This activity may take a few minutes.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16116 no work available

    Cause: The process is idle waiting for additional changes to be made available.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16117 processing

    Cause: The process is performing its primary function and is not waiting on any significant event.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16119 building transaction at SCN string

    Cause: The transaction being committed at the given SCN is being prepared for apply.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16120 dependencies being computed for transaction at SCN string

    Cause: The transaction committed at the given SCN is being analyzed for dependencies.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16121 applying transaction with commit SCN string

    Cause: The transaction committed at the given SCN is being applied.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16122 applying large dml transaction at SCN string

    Cause: A large transaction is being applied before the commit has been seen. The current redo being applied ends as the given SCN.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16123 transaction string string string is waiting for commit approval

    Cause: The apply process is waiting for approval to commit a transaction. This transaction may depend on another or other synchronization activity may delay the committing of a transaction.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16124 transaction string string string is waiting on another transaction

    Cause: The apply process is waiting to apply additional changes. This transaction likely depends on another.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16125 large transaction string string string is waiting on another transaction

    Cause: The apply process is waiting until additional changes for a large transaction are retrieved from the log stream.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16126 loading table or sequence object number string

    Cause: Information on the given table or sequence is being loaded into an in memory cache for future use.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16127 stalled waiting for additional transactions to be applied

    Cause: This process is waiting for additional memory before continuing. Additional log information cannot be read into memory until more transactions have been applied to the database, thus freeing up additional memory.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes. If this message occurs often and changes are not being applied quickly, then increase available SGA or the number of apply processes.

ORA-16128 User initiated shut down successfully completed

    Cause: Logical standby was shutdown in an orderly fashion.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16129 unsupported dml encountered

    Cause: DML to tables in the SYS schema have been updated and are not part of a DDL operation. This may be due to some DBA activity or DML associated with a kernel PL/SQL request that Logical Standby does not yet support.

    Action: Check the DBA_LOGSTDBY_EVENTS table for the name of the table being processed. Possibly use Log Miner to understand the transaction, and provide a compensating transaction on the standby system. Once complete, call DBMS_LOGSTDBY.SKIP_TRANSACTION with the associated transaction id, and resume apply.

ORA-16130 supplemental log information is missing from log stream

    Cause: Supplemental logging is not enabled at the primary database.

    Action: Issue the following statement to enable supplemental logging:

    ALTER DATABASE ADD SUPPLEMENTAL LOG DATA (PRIMARY KEY, UNIQUE INDEX) 
    COLUMNS;


ORA-16131 An error occurred during a Terminal Recovery of the standby.

    Cause: An error occurred during a Terminal Recovery of the standby.

    Action: Check the standby alert log additional information.

ORA-16132 An error occurred during activation of the standby.

    Cause: An error occurred during activation of the standby database following a Terminal Recovery.

    Action: Check the standby alert log additional information.

ORA-16133 Datafile string has incorrect terminal recovery stamp.

    Cause: After activation of a standby database following a terminal recovery (recovery of standby using current logs), recovery of a datafile from before the activation must have completed the same terminal recovery to avoid corruption.

    Action: A backup of the datafile taken after the terminal recovery and before activating the standby must be used for recovery.

ORA-16134 invalid MANAGED recovery FINISH option

    Cause: A mode other than NOWAIT follows the FINISH keyword in the RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE statement.

    Action: Specify either nothing or NOWAIT following FINISH.

ORA-16135 terminal recovery could not find log for thread# string seq# string.

    Cause: A terminal recovery (initiated by the RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY FINISH command) could not find the current log for the requested thread and sequence.

    Action: Check that the standby current logs are in the correct location.

ORA-16136 Managed Standby Recovery not active

    Cause: An attempt was made to cancel a managed recovery session but no managed recovery session was active.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16137 No terminal recovery is required

    Cause: All archived logs have been applied, and there are no current logs to be applied. Terminal recovery is not required.

    Action: No action required. The standby database may be activated as a new primary or may continue as a standby.

ORA-16138 end of log stream not received from primary

    Cause: The standby system has not received notification that the primary system log stream has been terminated. A graceful switchover is not possible.

    Action: Verify that the primary log stream has been terminated. Ensure that the standby has applied all necessary redo from the primary system and, if appropriate, reissue the graceful switchover command.

ORA-16139 media recovery required

    Cause: The database has not been recovered through the end of log stream. Graceful switchover is not possible.

    Action: Ensure that the entire log stream has been applied. If appropriate, re-issue the graceful switchover command.

ORA-16140 standby online logs have not been recovered

    Cause: The standby database has online logs containing redo that has not been recovered. Activating the standby would lose redo contained in the online logs.

    Action: To recover the standby online logs issue the following command:

    ALTER DATABASE RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE FINISH;

    Then re-issue the ALTER DATABASE ACTIVATE STANDBY DATABASE statement. To activate the standby without recovering the online logs, issue the following command:

    ALTER DATABASE ACTIVATE STANDBY DATABASE SKIP STANDBY LOGFILE;


ORA-16143 RFS connections not allowed during or after terminal recovery

    Cause: An attempt was made, by an RFS process, to access a standby online log file during or after a terminal recovery.

    Action: The primary must not attempt to archive to the standby after a terminal recovery.

ORA-16145 archival for thread# string sequence# string in progress

    Cause: The indicated archived log file is not available for recovery due to the fact that it is still being archived.

    Action: Verify that archival of the indicated log file has completed and re-issue the RECOVER STANDBY DATABASE command.

ORA-16146 standby destination control file enqueue unavailable

    Cause: The target standby destination control file is currently unavailable to the Remote File Server (RFS) process. This indicates that the target destination is the primary database itself.

    Action: Check for and eliminate the standby destination archive log parameter in question.

ORA-16147 standby database referenced by multiple archive log destinations

    Cause: Multiple archive log destinations reference the same standby database, using different service names. This is not allowed.

    Action: Remove one of the duplicate archive log destinations.

ORA-16148 user requested expiration of managed recovery operation

    Cause: The managed standby database recovery operation has been canceled per user specified EXPIRE option of the RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE statement.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16150 FINISH recovery performed on another, older standby database

    Cause: An archive log containing a FINISH recovery indicator was received by a standby database that has received archive logs in the future of the received archive log. Because of the possibility that these future archive logs have been applied to this standby database, the received archive log must be rejected.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16151 Managed Standby Recovery not available

    Cause: The attempted operation failed because of a pending CANCEL of the managed standby recovery operation.

    Action: Wait for the managed standby recovery session to end. Then retry the operation.

ORA-16152 standby database is in 'no-data-loss' protected mode

    Cause: The attempted database operation is not allowed while the standby database is in 'no-data-loss' protected mode.

    Action: Verify that the attempted database operation is warranted, ALTER DATABASE SET STANDBY DATABASE UNPROTECTED and re-issue the statement.

ORA-16154 suspect attribute: string

    Cause: Use of the indicated attribute is illegal in the given context.

    Action: Make the appropriate changes and re-issue the statement.

ORA-16156 LGWR archive log dependency not allowed if database is standby protected

    Cause: The use of a LGWR archive log dependency is not allowed when the primary is protected by a standby database, as this requires use of the standby redo log files.

    Action: Remove the LGWR archive log dependency and use normal LGWR archival instead.

ORA-16157 media recovery not allowed following successful FINISH recovery

    Cause: A RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE FINISH command has previously completed successfully. Another media recovery is not allowed.

    Action: Issue one of these operations following a FINISH recovery:

    ALTER DATABASE OPEN READ ONLY;
    ALTER DATABASE COMMIT TO SWITCHOVER TO PRIMARY;


ORA-16159 Cannot change protected standby destination attributes

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the LGWR/ARCH or SYNC/ASYNC attributes for a destination that is participating in the standby protection mode of the database.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16160 Cannot change protected standby database configuration

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the standby database configuration when the primary database is in standby protected mode.

    Action: The standby database must be added to the configuration before the primary database is opened.

ORA-16161 Cannot mix standby and online redo log file members for group string

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a log file member that does not match the other member types. This problem typically occurs when adding a standby log file member to an online redo logfile group, or adding an online redo log file member to a standby redo log file group.

    Action: Verify the log file group type using the TYPE column of the V$LOG fixed view.

ORA-16162 Cannot add new standby databases to protected configuration

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable a new standby database destination when the primary database is in standby protected mode.

    Action: The standby database must be added to the configuration before the primary database is opened.

ORA-16163 LGWR network server host attach error

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not attach to remote host.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16164 LGWR network server host detach error

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not detach from remote host.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16165 LGWR failed to hear from network server

    Cause: The LGWR lost its connection to the network server.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16166 LGWR network server failed to send remote message

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not communicate with the remote host.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16167 LGWR network server could not switch to non-blocking mode

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not switch to non-blocking mode.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16168 LGWR network server could not switch to blocking mode

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not switch to blocking mode.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16169 LGWR network server invalid parameters

    Cause: The LGWR network server could not switch to blocking mode.

    Action: The alert log contains more problem-specific information.

ORA-16170 Parallel terminal recovery may lose more data than necessary

    Cause: Serial terminal recovery can always recover the standby database to the last consistent point in the redo stream. Parallel terminal recovery cannot.

    Action: Retry with serial terminal recovery.

ORA-16171 RECOVER...FINISH not allowed due to gap for the string, seq string-string

    Cause: See alert log for more details.

    Action: Copy missing archived logs from primary or another standby. Register the logs and re-issue the RECOVER...FINISH command. If the logs are not available, then issue the ALTER DATABASE RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY SKIP statement to ignore the standby redo log files.

ORA-16172 archive logs detected beyond Terminal End-Of-Redo

    Cause: An attempt to archive a Terminal End-Of-Redo archive log to a remote destination failed due to the existence, at the remote site, of archive logs containing REDO in the future of the Terminal EOR.

ORA-16173 incompatible archival network connections active

    Cause: One of two situations can cause this error:

       1. An attempt to start a Terminal Incomplete Recovery operation failed due to an active Remote File Server process detected.
       2. An attempt to archive a Terminal End-Of-Redo archive log to a remote destination failed due to an active Remote File Server process at the remote site.

          An active Remote File Server (RFS) process implies connectivity with the primary database which may indicate that a Terminal Incomplete Recovery operation is not warrented.

    Action: Verify the Managed Standby environment and re-evaluate the necessity of a Terminal Incomplete Recovery operation.

ORA-16174 user requested thread/sequence termination of managed recovery

    Cause: The managed standby database recovery operation has been terminated per user specified THROUGH THREAD/SEQUENCE option of the RECOVER MANAGED STANDBY DATABASE statement.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16175 cannot shut down database when media recovery is active

    Cause: An attempt was made to shut down a standby database while media recovery was active.

    Action: Cancel media recovery to proceed with the shutdown.

ORA-16199 Terminal recovery failed to recover to a consistent point

    Cause: See alert log for more details.

    Action: Try to resolve the problem. Retry terminal recovery. If the problem occurs repeatedly and cannot be resolved, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16200 Skip procedure requested to skip statement

    Cause: Logical standby called a skip procedure that requested for a particular statement not to be applied.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16201 Skip procedure requested to apply statement

    Cause: Logical standby called a skip procedure that requested for a particular statement to be applied.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16202 Skip procedure requested to replace statement

    Cause: Logical standby called a skip procedure that requested for a particular statement to be replaced with a new statement.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16203 Unable to interpret skip procedure return values

    Cause: The skip procedure returned conflicting or invalid values.

    Action: Ensure that the new_statement output parameter is non-NULL when returning DBMS_LOGSTDBY.SKIP_ACTION_REPLACE, and NULL otherwise. Also ensure SKIP_ACTION is specified correctly.

ORA-16204 DDL successfully applied

    Cause: A DDL statement has successfully committed on the logical standby database.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16205 DDL skipped due to skip setting

    Cause: A setting in the logical standby skip table indicates that this type of DDL should always be skipped.

    Action: No action required; this informational statement is provided to record the event for diagnostic purposes.

ORA-16206 database already configured as Logical Standby database

    Cause: This database has been previously configured as a Logical Standby database. A Logical Standby database is not capable of processing the requested operation.

    Action: Ensure that you entered the command on the correct database as this database is a Logical Standby and is not capable of servicing the request.

ORA-16207 Logical standby dictionary build not permitted.

    Cause: A dictionary build is currently in progress. Only one build can be active at a time.

    Action: Wait for the active build to complete before invoking a new build.

ORA-16208 Logical standby dictionary build failed to start.

    Cause: Failure to start the logical standby dictionary build process (LSP1).

    Action: Check the accompanying messages and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, then check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-16209 Logical standby dictionary build failed to complete.

    Cause: The logical standby dictionary build process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, then check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-16210 Logical standby coordinator process terminated with error

    Cause: The logical standby coordinator process terminated abnormally.

    Action: Check the accompanying messages and the background process trace file. Correct the problem mentioned in the messages. Then shut down and restart the instance. If the trace file mentions any other background process messages, then check the trace file for the mentioned process until the root message is found.

ORA-16211 unsupported record found in the archived redo log

    Cause: Log apply services encountered a record in the archived redo log that could not be interpreted.

    Action:

       1. Use DBMS_LOGSTDBY.INSTANTIATE_TABLE to re-create the table on the standby database or simply drop the table if it's unimportant.
       2. ALTER DATABASE START LOGICAL STANDBY APPLY;
       3. Examine the current_scn column in the DBA_LOGSTDBY_EVENTS view to determine which log file contains the unsupported record.
       4. Provide the log file to Oracle Support Services.


ORA-16212 number processes specified for APPLY is too great

    Cause: Logical standby apply engine was started with more processes requested than are available.

    Action: Adjust the values of the initialization parameters PROCESSES and PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS, or the MAX_SLAVES parameter seen in the DBA_LOGSTDBY_PARAMETERS view.

ORA-16213 ddl encountered, stopping apply engine

    Cause: stop_on_ddl callout specified and DDL was encountered.

    Action: Either disable stop_on_ddl callout or remove DDL.

ORA-16214 apply stalled for apply delay

    Cause: A delay has been specified on the primary database for this destination.

    Action: Either turn off the delay on the primary or use DBMS_LOGSTDBY.APPLY_UNSET('APPLY_DELAY'); to override.

ORA-16501 the Data Guard broker operation failed

    Cause: The Data Guard broker operation failed.

    Action: See other messages for details.

ORA-16502 the Data Guard broker operation succeeded with warnings

    Cause: The Data Guard broker operation succeeded with warnings.

    Action: See other messages for details.

ORA-16503 site ID allocation failure

    Cause: Number of sites in the Data Guard configuration has exceeded the limit.

    Action: Delete unused sites.

ORA-16504 the Data Guard configuration already exists

    Cause: A request to create a Data Guard configuration was made on a site that is part of an existing configuration.

    Action: Delete the existing configuration if you desire to create a new configuration.

ORA-16505 site ID is invalid

    Cause: The request contained an invalid site ID.

    Action: Make the request again with a valid site ID.

ORA-16506 out of memory

    Cause: Process exceeded private or shared memory limits.

    Action: Check for memory leaks, increase system parameters, and restart.

ORA-16507 unrecognized request identifier

    Cause: The specified request identifier was not recognized by the Data Guard broker.

    Action: Re-issue the request using a valid request identifier.

ORA-16508 channel handle not initialized

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16509 the request timed out

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16510 messaging error using ksrwait

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16511 messaging error using ksrget

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16512 parameter exceeded maximum size limit

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16513 maximum requests exceeded

    Cause: Non-blocking commands were issued but responses are not read or the commands did not complete execution.

    Action: Read pending responses or delete outstanding requests and try again.

ORA-16514 the request was not found

    Cause: An attempt was made to read a response but a matching request was not found.

    Action: Verify request identifier is valid and references a previously issued request.

ORA-16515 no rcv channel

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16516 the resource state is invalid for the attempted operation

    Cause: The broker will return this error for switchover operations and for resource state change operations. If this error is returned for a switchover operation, then the broker has determined that either:

        * The sites changing roles are offline.
        * The primary database is not shipping log files.
        * The standby database that will become the primary is not applying log files.

    The broker returns this error for resource state change operations if the resource state specified is invalid for the resource.

    Action: If this error is returned when attempting a switchover operation, then make sure that:

        * The sites changing roles are online.
        * The primary database is shipping log files.
        * The standby database is applying log files.

    If this error is returned when attempting a resource state change operation, then make sure you specify a valid state for the resource.

ORA-16517 the object handle is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16518 unable to allocate virtual instance id

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16519 the resource handle is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16520 unable to allocate resource id

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16521 unable to create generic template id

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16522 generic template not found

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16523 property count exhausted

    Cause: Total number of resource properties exceeded the limit.

ORA-16524 unsupported operation

    Cause: A command or option is not supported in this release.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16525 the Data Guard broker is not yet available

    Cause: The Data Guard broker process has not yet been started, is initializing, or has failed to start.

    Action: If the broker has not been started, then set DG_BROKER_START to true and allow the broker to finish initializing before making the request. If the broker failed to start, then check the Data Guard log for possible errors. Otherwise, retry the operation.

ORA-16526 unable to allocate task element

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to allocate memory for a request.

    Action: Increase the size of your SGA.

ORA-16527 unable to allocate SGA heap

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to allocate a heap within the SGA.

    Action: Increase SGA memory.

ORA-16528 unable to allocate PGA heap

    Cause: No space in PGA to allocate heap.

    Action: Increase process virtual memory.

ORA-16529 bad sender id

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16530 invalid buffer or length

    Cause: A NULL buffer or a length of zero was specified.

    Action: Correct command parameters and retry.

ORA-16531 unable to post message

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16532 Data Guard configuration does not exist

    Cause: The Data Guard configuration does not exist.

    Action: Create a DRC prior to issuing other requests.

ORA-16533 inconsistent Data Guard broker state

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16534 no more requests accepted

    Cause: The Data Guard broker returns this status when:

        * A failover operation has been submitted or is currently in progress
        * A switchover operation has been submitted or is currently in progress
        * An instance restart is pending for one or more sites

    Action: Wait until the operation is complete and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16535 failover request rejected

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16536 unknown object type

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16537 child count exceeded

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16538 no match on requested item

    Cause: The Data Guard broker did not recognize the specified property or state name.

    Action: Verify command parameters and re-issue the request.

ORA-16539 task element not found

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16540 invalid argument

    Cause: One of the arguments for the specified request is invalid for the request type. In the case of failover, the failover level must be specified. That is, a graceful failover or a forced failover.

    Action: Verify arguments and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16541 site is not enabled

    Cause: The site specified in the request is not enabled.

    Action: Select an enabled site and re-issue the request.

ORA-16542 unrecognized operation

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16543 invalid request made to broker

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16544 unable to make request

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to accept the request.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16545 unable to get response

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to return the result of a previous request.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16546 missing or invalid piece

    Cause: The piece of the request to return was not specified or is invalid.

    Action: Specify the piece of the response starting from 1.

ORA-16547 unable to delete request

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to delete the given request.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16548 the resource is not enabled

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify or query a disabled Data Guard resource. This error is also returned on an attempt to enable, modify, or query a resource that the broker has permanently disabled. A permanently disabled resource cannot be re-enabled. The broker permanently disables site resources when it detects that the database on that site needs to be reinstantiated. The broker also permanently disables sites that lag behind in terms of DRC Unique ID sequence value.

    Action: If the resource is not permanently disabled, enable the resource and re-issue the request.

ORA-16549 invalid string

    Cause: A request contains an invalid or NULL string value.

    Action: Correct command parameters and retry.

ORA-16550 truncated result

    Cause: A string property value was truncated due to insufficient buffer size.

    Action: Specify a larger recieve buffer.

ORA-16551 short string copied

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16552 the Data Guard broker process (DMON) failed to start

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16553 the Data Guard broker process (DMON) failed to shutdown

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16554 translation not valid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16555 the Data Guard resource is not active

    Cause: An operation was attempted on a resource that is currently not active (off path).

    Action: Verify that the resource is active.

ORA-16557 the resource is already in use

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a duplicate resource.

    Action: Check the resource to be added and be sure there are no duplicates.

ORA-16558 the site specified for switchover is not a standby

    Cause: An attempt was made to switchover to a site that is not a standby site.

    Action: Locate an enabled standby site and select that site as the target of the switchover.

ORA-16559 out of memory at string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16560 unable to convert document, syntax error at "string"

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16561 must use ONLINE parent state, syntax error at "string"

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16562 intended_state not used here, syntax error at "string"

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16563 unable to add value, syntax error at "string"

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16564 lookup failed, syntax error at string

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16565 duplicate property, syntax error at "string"

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16566 unsupported document type

    Cause: The submitted XML document is not supported.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16567 Data Guard broker internal parser error at "string"

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16568 cannot set property string

    Cause: The named property could not be modified. The property may not be editable or may not exist.

    Action: Retry the operation with a valid property.

ORA-16569 Data Guard configuration is not enabled

    Cause: The requested operation requires the Data Guard configuration to be enabled.

    Action: Enable the Data Guard configuration and re-issue the request.

ORA-16570 Operation requires restart of site "string"

    Cause: Some Data Guard broker operations require the given site to be shut down and restarted.

    Action: If the client has not already done so, then shut down the Oracle instance at the given site and then restart it.

ORA-16571 Data Guard configuration file creation failure

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to create the configuration file on permanent storage.

    Action: Verify space, permissions, and filename as indicated by the DG_BROKER_CONFIG_FILE[1 | 2] parameter and retry.

ORA-16572 Data Guard configuration file not found

    Cause: The Data Guard broker configuration file is either unavailable or does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the configuration file was successfully created. If the DG_BROKER_CONFIG_FILE[1 | 2] parameter was changed, then ensure the filename on disk and the parameter value match, there is space on the device, and you have the right permissions.

ORA-16573 attempt to change configuration file in an enabled DRC

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the Data Guard broker configuration file parameter while a DRC was enabled.

    Action: Disable the configuration and shut down the Data Guard broker before changing this value. Also be sure to rename the file at the operating system level.

ORA-16574 switchover disallowed when required resources are offline

    Cause: Switchover fails because the primary database resource and/or the designated standby database resource are offline.

    Action: Check the states of the configuration, primary site, primary database resource, standby site, and standby database resource. Set their states to ONLINE if necessary.

ORA-16575 request terminated at broker discretion

    Cause: This status is returned when the Broker terminates a user-initiated request. The broker will terminate all other current and pending requests when it begins processing a failover request. These other requests are terminated with this status.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16576 failed to update Data Guard configuration file

    Cause: A failure was encountered while the broker was updating the Data Guard broker configuration file on permanent storage.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16577 corruption detected in Data Guard configuration file

    Cause: The Data Guard broker detected errors while loading the configuration file.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16578 failed to read Data Guard configuration file

    Cause: A failure was encountered while the broker was reading the configuration file on permanent storage.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16579 bad Data Guard NetSlave state detected

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16580 bad Data Guard NetSlave network link

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16581 Data Guard NetSlave failed to send message to DRCX

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16582 Data Guard connection process received error from NetSlave

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16583 bad Data Guard Connection Process DRCX state

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16584 illegal operation on a standby site

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16585 illegal operation on a primary site

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16586 Data Guard broker unable to update configuration on site

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to update the configuration file on a particular site.

    Action: Verify that your Oracle Net connections are operational between the Data Guard sites.

ORA-16587 ambiguous object handle

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16588 no more internal buffers

    Cause: See trace file.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16589 Data Guard Connection process detected a network transfer error

    Cause: The Data Guard Connection Process (DRCX) detected an error while transferring data from one site to another. This error is returned in the following situations:

        * While transmitting the configuration file between sites, DRCX detected an inconsistency in the block count of the file.
        * The DRCX process got an error while writing the configuration file.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16590 no primary established in Data Guard configuration

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16591 unknown field "string" in document

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16592 missing field "string" in document

    Cause: There was an error at the given token.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16593 XML conversion failed

    Cause: There was an error in the XML request document.

    Action: Correct the errors and resubmit the request.

ORA-16594 string process discovered that DMON process does not exist

    Cause: The Data Guard NetSlave (NSV*) processes discovered that the Data Guard broker process (DMON) is not running.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and DMON process trace file to determine why the DMON process is missing.

ORA-16595 NetSlave process string failed to terminate

    Cause: The specified NetSlave process did not terminate at the request of the Data Guard broker.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16596 site is not a member of the Data Guard configuration

    Cause: A request was made on a site that is not a member of the Data Guard configuration.

    Action: Re-issue the request on a site that is a part of the configuration.

ORA-16597 Data Guard broker detects two or more primaries

    Cause: The Data Guard broker has detected two or more primaries in the configuration and cannot continue.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16598 The Data Guard broker has detected a mismatch in configuration

    Cause: The Data Guard broker on this site has detected a mismatch in configuration generation. This can occur when the primary site has a stale configuration.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16599 The Data Guard broker has detected a stale configuration

    Cause: The Data Guard broker has detected a stale configuration during initialization on this site.

    Action: The broker will automatically resolve this situation once the primary site completes its initialization.

ORA-16600 Failover operation can only be submitted on target site

    Cause: This error is returned when a failover request specifies a different site than the site the client is currently connected to.

    Action: Explicitly connect to the site you wish to failover to and re-issue the failover request.

ORA-16601 site contains required resources that are disabled

    Cause: The Data Guard broker detected disabled, required resources prior to performing an operation that needs those resources to be enabled.

    Action: Enable all required resources and re-issue the request.

ORA-16602 resource must be disabled to perform this operation

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify a resource that can only be changed while that resource is disabled.

    Action: Disable the resource and re-issue the request.

ORA-16603 Data Guard broker detected mismatch in configuration ID

    Cause: The Data Guard broker on this site has detected a mismatch in configuration Unique ID. This can occur if the original configuration was re-created while this site was disconnected from the network or the same site was added to two different configurations.

    Action: Make sure the site belongs to only one configuration. Remove Data Guard broker configuration files and restart the server.

ORA-16604 unable to describe template using package "string"

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to execute the OnDescribe function in the named package.

    Action: Verify that the named package is loaded on the primary site. Also verify that the OnDescribe function is in the package.

ORA-16605 unable to delete template, template is in use

    Cause: The Data Guard broker was unable to delete the template because the template is still being used by one or more resources.

    Action: Delete all resources using the template before deleting the template. You cannot delete the database template.

ORA-16606 unable to find property "string"

    Cause: The named property does not exist.

    Action: Specify a valid property name and re-issue the request.

ORA-16607 one or more sites have failed

    Cause: The Data Guard broker detected a failure on one or more sites.

    Action: Locate the sites with a failure status and correct it.

ORA-16608 one or more sites have warnings

    Cause: The Data Guard broker detected a warning status on one or more sites.

    Action: Locate the sites with a warning status and correct it.

ORA-16609 one or more resources have failed

    Cause: The Data Guard Broker detected a failure on one or more resources on a site.

    Action: Locate the resources with a failure status and correct it.

ORA-16610 one or more resources have warnings

    Cause: The Data Guard broker detected a warning status on one or more resources on a site.

    Action: Locate the resources with a warning status and correct it.

ORA-16611 operation aborted at user request

    Cause: The Data Guard broker aborted an operation at the user's request.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16612 string value too long for attribute "string"

    Cause: The string value for the named attribute is too long.

    Action: Use a shorter string.

ORA-16613 initialization in progress for site

    Cause: The site received a directive to change its initialization state or a change in its configuration before it has completed initialization.

    Action: Wait until the site has completed initialization before issuing requests to modify run-time state or configuration.

ORA-16614 object has an ancestor that is disabled

    Cause: A request to enable an object that has an ancestor that is disabled was received by the server. The Data Guard broker has enabled the object to the extent that it can, but cannot fully enable the object until its ancestor is enabled.

    Action: Determine the ancestor object that is disabled and enable that ancestor prior to enabling the child object.

ORA-16617 Unknown object identifier specified in request

    Cause: The Data Guard broker returns this error when the object identifier specified in the request is invalid or unknown. For example, this error is returned if an invalid or unknown site object identifier is specified in a request that requires a site object identifier.

    Action: Verify that a valid object identifier was specified in the request and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16618 response document of size "string" bytes is too large

    Cause: The document response cannot be returned because the size of the document is too large. This can occur when displaying the Data Guard console log.

    Action: View the console log on the given site directly.

ORA-16619 Health Check timed out

    Cause: This status is returned when the Data Guard broker could not reach a standby site during routine health check.

    Action: This typically indicates a network problem where the standby site is unable to respond to the primary within the predefined time frame.

ORA-16620 one or more sites could not be contacted for a delete operation

    Cause: This status is returned when the Data Guard broker could not reach one or more standby sites for either a delete site or a delete configuration operation.

    Action: This typically indicates a network problem where the standby site is unable to respond to the primary. In the event of this situation, examine the Data Guard broker log file on the primary site to determine which standby sites could not be reached. Then for each standby site not reached, connect to that site and shut down the broker by setting the DG_BROKER_START initialization parameter to false. After the broker has been shut down on the standby site, locate the Data Guard broker configuration files from the standby site's DG_BROKER_CONFIG_FILE[1 | 2] parameter values and delete them.

ORA-16621 host and SID names for create site must be unique

    Cause: This status is returned when an attempt is made to add a site whose host and SID names match those of an existing site.

    Action: Verify that you have specified a unique host and SID name pair for the new site you wish to add. This can be done by checking that there are no sites with the same host and SID names.

ORA-16622 two or more Broker sites resolve to the same physical site

    Cause: This status is returned when the Broker determines that there are multiple site objects referring to the same physical or material site.

    Action: Examine the host names, SID names, and connect descriptors of all sites in the configuration and verify that there are not two or more sites that refer to the same physical site. If you detect this situation, then correct the site definition to eliminate the ambiguity.

ORA-16623 stale DRC UID sequence number detected

    Cause: This status is returned when the Broker detects a stale sequence value during bootstrap or during health check. The sequence value is changed each time a role change occurs. A site that is unavailable for the role change operation will end up with a stale sequence number. Should that site attempt to rejoin the configuration, the broker will determine that it missed a role change and disable that site. The broker permanently disables the site since it may no longer be a viable standby site for the new primary.

    Action: Examine the configuration and the sites that were permanently disabled to determine if they require manual intervention.

ORA-16624 broker protocol version mismatch detected

    Cause: This status is returned when the Broker detects a network protocol version number mismatch. This can happen if the sites in question are not running the same release of Oracle. The broker will permanently disable the sites that do not have the same network protocol version number as the primary.

    Action: Examine the release of Oracle installed on all sites to make sure they are identical. Once the Oracle releases are the same on all sites, delete and re-add the sites that were permanently disabled.

ORA-16625 cannot reach the primary site

    Cause: This status is returned when the Broker rejects a write operation requested by the client when the primary site is not reachable from the site the request is made. All write operations made to the DataGuard configuration must be processed by the primary site.

    Action: Check your network connection from the site your client is connected to, to the primary site. Alternatively, you can connect your client to a different site in the DataGuard Configuration and try your request again.

ORA-16626 failed to enable specified object

    Cause: This status is returned when the broker fails to enable an object (most typically a standby site). You can expect to see this status when attempting to enable a standby site that:

        * Cannot locate itself in the configuration
        * Fails to distiguish itself from two or more site objects in the configuration
        * Determines it was not part of a change of primary due to failover

    Action: To correct the problem, try one of these actions:

        * Confirm that the host and SID names you specified when you created the site exactly match the values in the HOST_NAME and INSTANCE_NAME columns of V$INSTANCE.
        * Confirm that you have not created two or more sites with the same connect descriptor. That is, the site objects should not lead you to the same material site.
        * If you had performed a failover and have re-instantiated your old primary site (or standby site that had to be reinstantiated), then make sure the Data Guard Broker configuration files have been removed from that site. Do NOT remove the configuration files that are in use by the new primary.


ORA-16627 no standby databases support overall protection mode

    Cause: This status is returned in the following situations:

        * The Broker rejects an attempt to change the configuration's overall protection mode since it could not find any online, managed standby databases that support the proposed protection mode.
        * The Broker rejects an attempt to enable the configuration if it determines that there are no online managed standby databases that support the overall protection mode.
        * The Broker rejects an attempt to disable or delete a site or database resource, that if disabled or deleted, would result in no standby databases that support the configuration's overall protection mode.
        * The Broker rejects an attempt to set the configuration offline if doing so would violate the configuration's overall protection mode.
        * The Broker rejects an attempt to set a standby site or database offline if doing so would violate the configuration's overall protection mode.
        * The Broker rejects a switchover attempt if doing so would violate the configuration's overall protection mode.
        * The Broker returns this error during a health check.

    Action:

        * If changing the overall protection mode, then confirm that at least one standby database satisfies the new protection mode.
        * For enable failures, confirm that at least one standby database has a LogXptMode configuration property setting that supports the current overall protection mode.
        * For delete and disable failures, confirm that at least one other standby database has a LogXptMode configuration property setting that supports the overall protection mode.
        * For the state change failures, confirm that at least one other standby database has a LogXptMode configuration property setting that supports the overall protection mode. If setting the configuration OFFLINE, you may have to downgrade the protection mode setting to maximum performance beforehand.
        * For switchover failures, confirm that at least one other standby database has a LogXptMode configuration property setting that supports the overall protection mode. If your configuration contains a primary and a single standby, then ensure that the LogXptMode configuration property established for the primary site supports the overall protection mode. After the switchover the old primary will become the standby and its LogXptMode configuration property setting must support the overall protection mode.
        * For health check error, confirm that at least one standby database has a LogXptMode configuration property setting that supports the current overall protection mode.


ORA-16628 The Broker protection mode is inconsistent with the database setting

    Cause: The Data Guard Broker protection mode saved in metadata is inconsistent with the actual database setting.

    Action: Reset the protection mode through the Data Guard Broker.

ORA-16629 database reports a different protection level from the protection mode

    Cause: The actual protection level supported by the standby database is different from the protection mode set on the primary. This is likely caused by the log transport problems.

    Action: Check the database alert logs and Data Guard Broker console logs for more details. Check the log transport status. Make sure at least one standby log transport is supporting the protection mode and that the network to the standby has no problems.

ORA-16701 generic resource guard request failed

    Cause: Request to modify or query the resource failed.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for the reason for the failure, and re-issue the request.

ORA-16702 generic resource manager warning

    Cause: Request to modify or query the resource resulted in a warning.

    Action: Check the console log for the reason for the warning, and re-issue the request if necessary.

ORA-16703 status of request is unknown

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16704 a previous set state operation is pending

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16705 severe internal error in resource guard

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16706 no resource guard is available

    Cause: No resource guard is available to service the request.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16707 the value supplied to resource guard is invalid

    Cause: The value specified in the request is invalid.

    Action: Check value and re-issue the request.

ORA-16708 the state supplied to resource guard is invalid

    Cause: The state name specified is invalid for the resource.

    Action: Check the state name and re-issue the request.

ORA-16709 the resource guard is busy and cannot service the request

    Cause: Request to resource guard failed because the guard is busy.

    Action: Wait for resource guard to finish previous request and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16710 the resource guard is out of memory

    Cause: The resource guard was unable to allocate memory while trying to service a request.

    Action: Disable the configuration, shutdown oracle, increase SGA size, and restart.

ORA-16711 the resource guard index is out of bounds

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16712 the resource handle is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16713 the resource guard timed out while servicing the request

    Cause: The resource guard timed out while servicing the request.

    Action: Verify that the operation is valid for the resource and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16714 the resource guard exceeded its retry limit

    Cause: The resource guard exceeded its retry limit while trying to service a request.

    Action: Verify that the resource is operational and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16715 the logical standby database requires instantiation

    Cause: The resource guard could not execute the request since the logical standby database requires instantiation.

    Action: Instantiate logical standby on the site and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16716 clearing parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST failed

    Cause: An attempt to clear the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST initialization parameter failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16717 clearing parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST failed

    Cause: An attempt to clear the LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST initialization parameter failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16718 failed to locate the database resource

    Cause: The resource guard was unable to locate the database resource in the configuration.

    Action: Add the database resource and then re-issue the request.

ORA-16719 unable to query V$ARCHIVE_DEST fixed view

    Cause: A SQL statement to query V$ARCHIVE_DEST failed.

    Action: Test and clear the problem using SQL*Plus.

ORA-16720 no available LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters to use

    Cause: All LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters have been defined.

    Action: Set some of the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters to an empty string.

ORA-16721 unable to set LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters

    Cause: An attempt of setting some of the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_n parameters failed.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and database alert logs for further details.

ORA-16722 unable to set LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_n parameters

    Cause: An attempt of setting some of the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_STATE_n parameters failed.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and database alert logs for further details.

ORA-16723 the connect descriptor is missing from V$ARCHIVE_DEST

    Cause: The resource guard was unable to locate a connect descriptor to a certain standby site in V$ARCHIVE_DEST.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details. One may need to reset log transport service.

ORA-16724 the intended state for resource has been set to OFFLINE

    Cause: The intended state of the resource has been set to offline.

    Action: If resource is managed, change intended state to online.

ORA-16725 the phase supplied to resource manager is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16726 the external condition supplied to resource manager is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16727 resource guard cannot close database

    Cause: The resource guard could not close the database.

    Action: If there are any active sessions connected to the database, then terminate them and re-issue the request.

ORA-16728 Log archive destination could not be set

    Cause: The resource guard could not set the log archive destination.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and the Oracle Alert log for further details.

ORA-16729 Error executing dbms_logstdby.log procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16730 Error executing dbms_logstdby.skip_txn procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16731 Error executing dbms_logstdby.unskip_txn procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16732 Error executing dbms_logstdby.skip procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16733 Error executing dbms_logstdby.unskip procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16734 Error executing dbms_logstdby.skip_error procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16735 Error executing dbms_logstdby.unskip_error procedure

    Cause: Logical standby package may not be installed.

    Action: Install logical standby packages and re-issue the request.

ORA-16736 Standby log archive destination parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set the standby log archive destination parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16737 Log archive format parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set the log archive format parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16738 Database file name convert parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set the database file name convert parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16739 Log file name convert parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set log file name convert parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16740 Log archive trace parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set log archive trace parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16741 Control files parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set the control files parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16742 lock name trace parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set lock name trace parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16743 FAL client parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set FAL client parameter.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16744 FAL server parameter could not be set

    Cause: Resource guard could not set FAL server.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16745 Resource guard encountered error during database dismount

    Cause: Resource guard could not dismount database.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16746 Resource guard encountered error during database mount

    Cause: Resource guard could not mount database.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16747 Logical standby guard could not be turned on

    Cause: Resource guard could not turn on the logical standby guard.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16748 Resource guard encountered errors during database open

    Cause: Resource guard could not open database.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16749 Resource guard encountered errors in switchover to logical primary

    Cause: Resource guard could not prepare to switch to logical primary.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16750 Resource guard encountered errors while activating logical primary

    Cause: Resource guard could not activate logical primary.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16751 Resource guard encountered errors in switchover to primary

    Cause: Resource guard could not prepare to switch to primary.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16752 Resource guard could not mount standby

    Cause: Resource guard could not mount standby.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16753 Resource guard could not open standby database

    Cause: Resource guard could not open standby database.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16754 Resource guard could not activate standby

    Cause: Resource guard could not activate standby.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16755 Resource guard could not dismount standby

    Cause: Resource guard could not dismount standby.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16756 Resource guard could not open standby read-only

    Cause: Resource guard could not open standby read-only.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16757 Resource guard could not get property

    Cause: Resource guard failed to get property.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16758 Resource guard could not verify property

    Cause: Resource guard failed to verify property.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16759 Resource guard unable to start logical apply engine with initial SCN

    Cause: Resource guard failed to start logical apply engine with an initial SCN.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16760 Resource guard could not start logical apply engine

    Cause: Resource guard failed to start logical apply engine.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16761 Resource guard could not stop logical apply engine

    Cause: Resource guard failed to stop logical apply engine correctly.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16762 Invalid database state

    Cause: Database is not in the intended state.

    Action: Determine the reason for invalid state, and re-issue get status request.

ORA-16763 Log transport service for some site unexpectedly online

    Cause: Log transport service for some site is online when it should be offline.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details. If necessary, stop the log transport service for the site.

ORA-16764 Log transport service for some site unexpectedly offline

    Cause: Log transport service for some site is offline when it should be online.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details. If necessary, start the log transport service.

ORA-16765 Physical apply service unexpectedly online

    Cause: Physical apply service is online when it should be offline.

    Action: If necessary, stop the physical apply service.

ORA-16766 Physical apply service unexpectedly offline

    Cause: Physical apply service is offline when it should be online.

    Action: If necessary, start the physical apply service.

ORA-16767 Logical apply service unexpectedly online

    Cause: Logical apply service is online when it should be offline.

    Action: If necessary, stop the logical apply service.

ORA-16768 Logical apply service unexpectedly offline

    Cause: Logical apply service is offline when it should be online.

    Action: If necessary, start the logical apply service.

ORA-16769 Error executing apply_set procedure

    Cause: There was an error executing dbms_logstdby$apply_set procedure.

    Action: Check the values for the property, and set configuration property again.

ORA-16770 Error executing apply_unset procedure

    Cause: There was an error executing dbms_logstdby$apply_unset procedure.

    Action: Check the values for the property, and set configuration set property again.

ORA-16771 Error starting ARCH process(es)

    Cause: There was an error starting the archival processes.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16772 Error in switching over between primary and standby databases

    Cause: There was an error during switchover of primary and standby databases.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16773 Error in starting the physical apply service (MRP process)

    Cause: There was an error in starting the physical apply service (MRP process).

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16774 Error in stopping the physical apply service (MRP process)

    Cause: There was an error in stopping the physical apply service (MRP process).

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16775 The physical apply service terminated prematurely

    Cause: The physical apply service terminated prematurely with an error.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details.

ORA-16776 Health check of the log transport service failed

    Cause: Due to some internal failure, the database resource guard cannot complete the health check of the log transport service.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details.

ORA-16777 Unable to find the destination entry of a site in V$ARCHIVE_DEST

    Cause: Some destination may be manually deleted, or no entry is available for Data Guard.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details. One may need to reset log transport service.

ORA-16778 The log transport service for some site has an error

    Cause: Some problem in communicating with a standby site causes the log transport to fail.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details. Query the LogXptStatus property to see the error message.

ORA-16779 The destination parameter of some site has wrong syntax

    Cause: The destination is defined in the initialization parameter file with wrong syntax, and the Data Guard broker fails to update the destination when the log transport is turned on.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log to see which site has the problem. Fix the syntax error in the initialization parameter file or remove the entry. Check if the syntax of the log transport related properties are correct.

ORA-16780 Some site has used up its quota

    Cause: Some site has used up its quota for storing archived redo logs.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log to see which site has the problem. Remove some archived logs at the standby site or increase its quota.

ORA-16781 The status of log transport service for some site is unknown

    Cause: Log transport to some site has an unknown status.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details.

ORA-16782 Unable to get values of some critical configurable properties

    Cause: Log transport cannot be turned on because some critical property values cannot be retrieved from Data Guard metadata.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log and Oracle Alert log for further details.

ORA-16783 Some critical configurable property has not been set

    Cause: Log transport cannot be turned on because some critical property has not been set.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log to see which property has not been set, and set it properly.

ORA-16784 The site name given in property Dependency or Alternate is incorrect

    Cause: Site name provided in property Dependency or Alternate is wrong.

    Action: Reset property to the correct name of the site.

ORA-16785 The database is not in ARCHIVELOG mode

    Cause: The database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode, when it is either a primary database or a standby database that is being switched over to the primary database.

    Action: Reset the primary database to ARCHIVELOG mode by issuing the ALTER DATABASE ARCHIVELOG statement.

ORA-16786 Resource guard cannot access Data Guard metadata

    Cause: The Data Guard broker configuration files do not exist or the resource guard cannot access the Data Guard metadata.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details.

ORA-16788 Unable to set one or more database configuration property values

    Cause: This situation occurs when database resource guard attempts to set database configuration property values into the database by issuing ALTER SYSTEM or ALTER DATABASE statements. Typical causes of this error are:

        * The values of log transport related properties have syntax errors
        * The Value of LogArchiveTrace is out of range
        * Database initialization parameter STANDBY_FILE_MANAGEMENT cannot be set to AUTO because the database compatability is not set to 9.0.0.0.0 or higher.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log to see which property has the problem and reset the property correctly.

ORA-16789 Missing standby redo logs

    Cause: Standby redo logs are missing when needed for certain log transport modes.

    Action: Check the Data Guard documentation to create standby redo logs on the standby.

ORA-16790 The value of the configurable property is invalid

    Cause: An invalid property value was entered.

    Action: Reset the value to a correct one.

ORA-16791 Unable to check the existence of the standby redo logs

    Cause: The database may not be mounted, or the query of V$STANDBY_LOG failed.

    Action: Bring the database to an online state, or fix the problem during the query of V$STANDBY_LOG.

ORA-16792 Some configurable property value is inconsistent with the database setting

    Cause: The values of one or more configurable properties are inconsistent with database in-memory settings or SPFILE settings. This may be caused by a user operation on database outside of the Data Guard broker control.

    Action: Query property InconsistentProperties on the site or check the Data Guard console log to find which properties are inconsistent. Reset these properties to make them consistent with the database settings.

ORA-16793 Logical Standby Database Guard is unexpectedly OFF

    Cause: The logical standby database guard is OFF.

    Action: Issue the ALTER DATABASE GUARD ALL statement to turn the guard ON and verify that Data Guard health check error/warning is cleared.

ORA-16794 Database Guard is ON for primary database

    Cause: Primary database has database guard ON, which is not normal.

    Action: Issue the ALTER DATABASE GUARD NONE statement to turn the guard OFF and verify that Data Guard health check error/warning is cleared.

ORA-16795 Database resource guard detects that database reinstantiation is required

    Cause: In the act of failover or switchover, the database resource guard may detect that reinstantiation of the database is necessary due to the impending role change. This occurs when the database resource guard recognizes a situation in which the database in question cannot be a viable standby database for the new primary database.

    Action: Reinstantiate the database on the site indicated by the broker and then re-add that site to your broker configuration.

ORA-16796 One or more property cannot be imported from database

    Cause: Importing existing database settings into the Data Guard properties failed for one or more properties. The cause may be that the database is not mounted or open, or the connection to the standby database being imported is down.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log to find more details about the problem.

ORA-16797 SPFILE is missing in the Data Guard Broker environment

    Cause: Server parameter file is not being used in the database, or the resource guard failed to retrieve the status of the SPFILE.

    Action: Issue a CREATE SPFILE='...' FROM PFILE='...' statement to create an SPFILE, and restart the database to use the SPFILE.

ORA-16798 Unable to complete terminal recovery on the standby

    Cause: Terminal recovery on the standby failed during the graceful failover operation.

    Action: Check Data Guard console log and alert logs to see more details on the reason of the failure.

ORA-16799 Physical apply service is offline

    Cause: Either the Data Guard metadata indicates the physical apply service is turned off, or the recovery process MRP0 is not running. In either of the cases, physical apply related properties cannot be set.

    Action: Turn on the physical apply service through Data Guard broker, then reset the physical apply related property again.

ORA-16800 Log transport service for some site is incorrectly set to ALTERNATE

    Cause: Log transport service for some site is currently set to ALTERNATE while no other destinations is set to alternate to this site.

    Action: Check the Data Guard console log for further details. Reset database state to turn on log transport again if necessary.

ORA-16801 Some log transport related property is inconsistent

    Cause: The values of one or more log transport related configurable properties of a standby database resource are inconsistent with the primary's log transport service settings. This may be caused by a user operation on database outside of the Data Guard broker control.

    Action: Query property InconsistentLogXptProps on the primary or Check the Data Guard console log to find which properties are inconsistent. Reset these properties on the appropriate standby to make them consistent with the primary's log transport settings.

ORA-16802 Cannot set property 'Alternate' to the primary site name

    Cause: Data Guard Broker does not allow the primary site to be an alternate archival destination for a standby site.

    Action: Set property Alternate to empty or to the name of a standby site.

ORA-16803 Unable to query a database table or fixed view

    Cause: Failed to query a database table or fixed view. The database may not be open or mounted.

    Action: Check Data Guard console log for more details.

ORA-16804 One or more configuration properties in metadata have invalid values

    Cause: Data Guard Broker health check detects that one or more configuration properties in metadata have invalid values. They may be entered during the disabled period of database resource or through other means.

    Action: Check Data Guard console log for more details on which properties have invalid values and reset them through Data Guard Broker.

ORA-16805 Change of LogXptMode property violates overall protection mode

    Cause: The standby database resource guard rejected the attempt to change the LogXptMode configuration property for the standby database resource. The rejection was necessary since doing so would violate the overall protection mode for the configuration.

    Action: If the LogXptMode configuration property must be changed for the specified standby database resource, then first downgrade the overall protection mode for the configuration. After that operation has completed, you will be able to change the LogXptMode configuration property for the standby database resource.

ORA-16806 Supplemental logging is not turned on

    Cause: Supplemental logging is not turned on while there is a logical standby database in the configuration. This could happen either6854// on the primary or on the logical standby that is being switched over to the primary.

    Action: Check Data Guard console log for more details. Issue ALTER DATABASE ADD SUPPLEMENTAL LOG DATA (PRIMARY KEY, UNIQUE INDEX) COLUMNS to add supplemental logging.

ORA-16807 unable to set protection mode to the database

    Cause: An attempt to issue an ALTER DATABASE SET STANDBY TO ... statement failed.

    Action: Check database alter logs and Data Guard console logs for more information.

ORA-16900 Unable to initialize client

    Cause: The client could not be initialized.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16901 Unable to initialize environment

    Cause: The database environment could not be allocated and initialized.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16902 Unable to allocate handle

    Cause: The database handles could not be allocated.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16903 Unable to connect to database

    Cause: The specified database was unreachable because it does not exist or was not started.

    Action: Correct the request or start the database and try again.

ORA-16904 Unable to set attribute

    Cause: The server attributes could not be set.

    Action: check additional error messages.

ORA-16905 Failed.

    Cause: The given action failed.

    Action: check additional error messages.

ORA-16906 Unable to accept commands: no memory

    Cause: No memory was available for the program.

    Action: Increase memory and try again.

ORA-16907 missing field

    Cause: A required field was missing.

    Action: Type "help" for syntax and try again.

ORA-16908 Unknown option: "string"

    Cause: The given option is not supported.

    Action: Try again using the proper command line syntax.

ORA-16909 Fatal Error. quitting...

    Cause: A fatal error was encountered.

    Action: See additional error messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16910 unable to issue command to server

    Cause: Commands cannot be issued to the server.

    Action: See additional error messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16911 Warning:

    Cause: An action succeeded with warnings.

    Action: See error message and take appropriate action.

ORA-16912 Unknown command "string". Try "help"

    Cause: An unknown command was issued.

    Action: Try again using a valid command.

ORA-16914 Missing connect string. Try "help"

    Cause: The connect string for the database is missing.

    Action: Try the command again with a valid connect string.

ORA-16916 Missing site. Try "help"

    Cause: The site name is missing.

    Action: Try the command again using correct syntax.

ORA-16917 Missing XML document. Try "help"

    Cause: The XML document argument was missing.

    Action: Try the command again using correct syntax.

ORA-16939 Could not start up "string" as primary

    Cause: The named site could not be started in the primary role.

    Action: See additional messages.

ORA-16940 Started "string" as new primary

    Cause: The named site was started as the new primary site.

    Action: No action is required.

ORA-16942 Could not start up "string" as standby

    Cause: The named site could not be started in the standby role.

    Action: See additional messages..

ORA-16943 Started "string" as standby

    Cause: The named site was started as the new primary site.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16944 Failover succeeded. New primary is "string"

    Cause: The failover operation succeeded.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-16945 Syntax error before or at "string"

    Cause: The given command could not be processed because a syntax error occurred at the named token.

    Action: Try the command again using valid syntax.

ORA-16946 Site "string" was not found

    Cause: The named site could not be found.

    Action: Try the command again using a valid site.

ORA-16947 "string" does not run in the primary role

    Cause: The named resource does not run in the primary role.

    Action: Try the command again using a resource that runs in the primary role.

ORA-16948 "string" does not run in the standby role

    Cause: The named resource does not run in the standby role.

    Action: Try the command again using a resource that runs in the standby role.

ORA-16949 Resource "string" was not found

    Cause: The named resource was not found.

    Action: Try the command again using a valid resource.

ORA-16950 Unable to retrieve "string" for editing

    Cause: The named object could not be retrieved for editing.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16951 manager information not found

    Cause: The manager information could not be retrieved for a generic resource.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16952 unable to describe configuration

    Cause: The configuration could not be described.

    Action: The framework could not be contacted. Check to see that the DMON process is running.

ORA-16953 site or resource "string" does not exist

    Cause: The named site or resource does not exist.

    Action: Try the command again using a valid site or resource.

ORA-16954 a resource cannot run on multiple sites this way

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a resource that depends on multiple sites. This is not possible using one command.

    Action: Issue the command twice; one with the first site and the second using the second site.

ORA-16955 unable to create or locate template

    Cause: The template could not be found.

    Action: See additional error messages.

ORA-16956 missing template name

    Cause: The template name was omitted from the command.

    Action: Try the command again using a valid template name.

ORA-16957 template "string" was not found

    Cause: The named template could not be found.

    Action: Try the command again using a valid template name.

ORA-16958 unable to convert document

    Cause: The document could not be converted.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-16959 NULL answer from framework

    Cause: No answer came from the framework.

    Action: The framework is not available. Check to see that the DMON process exists.

ORA-16960 status not available

    Cause: The status could not be retrieved.

    Action: The framework is not available. Check to see that the DMON process exists.

ORA-16991 ambiguous resource name

    Cause: The named resource exists on more than one site.

    Action: The request must be more specific. Issue the command again using the ON SITE clause.

ORA-16992 You must restart site "string" manually.

    Cause: The operation was successfully completed, and it requires a restart of given site. However, DGMGRL was unable to perform an automatic restart. The user has to shutdown and startup the site manually.

    Action: Shut down the given site and start it up.

ORA-17500 ODM err:string

    Cause: An error returned by ODM library

    Action: Look at error message and take appropriate action or contact Oracle Support Services for further assistance.

ORA-17501 logical block size string is invalid

    Cause: logical block size for oracle files must be a multiple of the physical block size, and less than the maximum

    Action: check parameters in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-17502 ksfdcre: string Failed to create file string

    Cause: file creation failed due to either insufficient OS permission or the file already exists

    Action: check additional error messages

ORA-17503 ksfdopn: string Failed to open file string

    Cause: file open failed due to either insufficient OS permission or the name of file exceeds maximum file name length.

    Action: check additional error messages

ORA-17504 ksfddel:Failed to delete file string

    Cause: The file thats being deleted is still in use or the process has insufficient permission to delete file.

    Action: check additional error messages

ORA-17505 ksfdrsz: string Failed to resize file to size number blocks

    Cause: There is insufficient space left on the device or the process has insufficient permission to resize file.

    Action: check additional error messages

ORA-17506 I/O Error Simulation

    Cause: The i/o request is marked with error because the i/o error simulation event is turned on.

    Action: none

ORA-17507 I/O request size string is not a multiple of logical block size

    Cause: i/o's are done in multiple of logical block size

    Action: Check additional error messages

ORA-17508 I/O request buffer ptr is not alligned

    Cause: i/o request buffer should be alligned, check additional information for buffer ptr value

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-17509 Attempt to do i/o beyond block1 offset

    Cause: When a file is identified with logical block size of 0, only i/o's to block1 is allowed.

    Action: check additional error messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-17510 Attempt to do i/o beyond file size

    Cause: The i/o request points to a block beyond End Of File

    Action: check additional error messages and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-17610 file 'string' does not exist and no size specified

    Cause: An attempt to create a file a file found neither an existing file nor a size for creating the file.

    Action: Specify a size for the file.

ORA-17611 ksfd: file 'string' cannot be accessed, global open closed

    Cause: An attempt to write to a file which has gone offline/unidentified.

    Action: Check for other errno in the stack.

ORA-18000 invalid outline name

    Cause: The parser detected a missing or invalid outline name.

    Action: reissue the command, specifying a valid outline name.

ORA-18001 no options specified for ALTER OUTLINE

    Cause: The parser detected that no clause was specified on the command.

    Action: reissue the command, specifying a valid ALTER OUTLINE clause.

ORA-18002 the specified outline does not exist

    Cause: Either the outline did not exist to begin with, or a timing window allowed for another thread to drop or alter the outline midstream.

    Action: Check for the existence of the outline and try again.

ORA-18003 an outline already exists with this signature

    Cause: The signature generation algorithm generates signatures that are 16 bytes in length so it is highly unlikely that any 2 signatures will be identical. This message is raised in such a rare case.

    Action: Either reissue the statement that led to the outline being created with some white space added or force the outline to be created in a different category.

ORA-18004 outline already exists

    Cause: An outline already exists, either with the specified name, or for the specified SQL text.

    Action: Try again with another name.

ORA-18005 create any outline privilege is required for this operation

    Cause: Create any outline privilege is required for the attempted operation.

    Action: Make sure you have create any outline privilege and retry the operation.

ORA-18006 drop any outline privilege is required for this operation

    Cause: Drop any outline privilege is required for the attempted operation.

    Action: Make sure you have drop any outline privilege and retry the operation.

ORA-18007 alter any outline privilege is required for this operation

    Cause: Alter any outline privilege is required for the attempted operation.

    Action: Make sure you have alter any outline privilege and retry the operation.

ORA-18008 cannot find OUTLN schema

    Cause: The database creation script that creates this schema must not have been executed.

    Action: Review the log files to see what happened when the database was created.

ORA-18009 one or more outline system tables do not exist

    Cause: Either the database creation script that creates these tables was not executed or a user accidently deleted the table.

    Action: Review the log files to see what happened when the database was created.

ORA-18010 command missing mandatory CATEGORY keyword

    Cause: User failed to specify the CATEGORY keyword.

    Action: reissue the command with the CATEGORY keyword included.

ORA-18011 the outline specified in the FROM clause does not exist

ORA-18012 select_catalog_role role is required for this operation

ORA-18013 timed out while waiting for resource string

ORA-18014 deadlock detected while waiting for resource string

ORA-18015 invalid source outline signature

    Cause: User imported an 8i outline into a 9i database without updating signatures.

    Action: Execute dbms_outln.update_signatures.

ORA-19000 missing RELATIONAL keyword

    Cause: The keyword RELATIONAL in the work OBJECT RELATIONAL is missing in the XMLTYPE storage clause specification.

    Action: Supply the RELATIONAL keyword in the storage clause

ORA-19001 Invalid storage option specified

    Cause: An invalid storage option was specified for the XMLType.

    Action: Supply a valid storage option.

ORA-19002 Missing XMLSchema URL

    Cause: A XML schema URL must be specified in the storage option.

    Action: Specify a URL for the XMLSchema.

ORA-19003 Missing XML root element name

    Cause: A root element in the XMLSchema must be specified if the XML schema is given.

    Action: Specify a root element in the XML schema.

ORA-19004 Duplicate XMLType OBJECT RELATIONAL storage option

    Cause: A duplicate storage option for the XMLType column was specified

    Action: Specify a single storage option for an XMLType column

ORA-19005 Duplicate XMLType LOB storage option

    Cause: A duplicate storage option for the XMLType column was specified

    Action: Specify a single storage option for an XMLType column

ORA-19006 XMLType TYPE storage option not appropriate for storage type

    Cause: The TYPE option can only be used in case of OBJECT RELATIONAL storage option

    Action: Remove the TYPE option or specify an OBJECT RELATIONAL storage for the XMLType column

ORA-19007 Schema and element do not match

    Cause: The schema and element specified in the inserted data does not match that of the column

    Action: Insert/Update only the XML documents that conform to that particular schema and element.

ORA-19008 Invalid version of the XMLType

    Cause: An invalid version of the XMLType was found.

    Action: This is possible due to data corruption or an internal error or running an older client against a newer version of the database. Make sure that the version of the client can understand the XMLType in the database.

ORA-19009 Missing XMLSchema keyword

    Cause: The XMLSchema keyword is missing

    Action: Specify the XMLSchema URL and element name.

ORA-19010 Cannot insert XML fragments

    Cause: XML fragments got from extractNode cannot be inserted into the database.

    Action: Convert the fragment into a proper XML document before insertion.

ORA-19011 Character string buffer too small

    Cause: The string result asked for is too big to return back

    Action: Get the result as a lob instead

ORA-19012 Cannot convert XML fragment to the required datatype

    Cause: A conversion to a datatype was requested which cannot be performed

    Action: The XMLType may contain fragments and other elements which cannot be converted to the appropriate datatype.

ORA-19013 Cannot create VARRAY columns containing XMLType

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a VARRAY column which contains a XMLType

    Action: You cannot store VARRAYs containing XMLTypes in tables. Use nested tables instead

ORA-19015 Invalid XML tag identifier (string)

    Cause: An invalid XML identifier was detected during XML generation.

    Action: Fix the offending tag so it does not contain characters or symbols that are not allowed by the XML specification.

ORA-19016 attributes cannot occur after element specifications

    Cause: Attributes specified using the "@" identifier can only occur before any other element definition when creating XML.

    Action: Change the order of the types so that the attributes occur at the beginning.

ORA-19017 Attributes can only be simple scalars

    Cause: Attribute values can only be simple scalar values.

    Action: Use only simple datatypes for attribute values.

ORA-19018 Invalid character in XML tag 'string'

    Cause: A tag name was found to have an invalid XML character during XML generation.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that the generated XML tag, corresponding to a column name or alias, contains only valid characters.

ORA-19019 Invalid context passed to DBMS_XMLGEN.GETXML

    Cause: The value of context passed to GETXML was invalid.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that the value of context passed to GETXML is valid.

ORA-19020 invalid dereference of XMLType columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to dereference the attributes of an XMLType column which is not part of a base table.

    Action: You can only dereference the attributes of a base table XMLType column.

ORA-19023 The first argument to UPDATEXML operator has to be an XMLTYPE

    Cause: The first argument passed to the update value operator was not an XMLTYPE.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that the first argument to the UPDATEXML operator is XMLTYPE.

ORA-19024 Cursor expression must be named

    Cause: The value of context passed to GETXML was invalid.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that the value of context passed to GETXML is valid.

ORA-19025 EXTRACTVALUE returns value of only one node

    Cause: Given XPath points to more than one node.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that exactly one node is returned.

ORA-19026 EXTRACTVALUE can only retrieve value of leaf node

    Cause: Given XPath does not point to a leaf node.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that a leaf node is returned.

ORA-19028 Invalid ADT parameter passed to toObject() function

    Cause: The object passed as ADT parameter to sys.XMLType.toObject() is not the same type, or a super-type, of the mapped type.

    Action: Pass an object of the correct type to toObject().

ORA-19029 Cannot convert the given XMLType to the required type

    Cause: The passed in XMLType could not be converted to the required type.

    Action: Binary XMLtype instances or other objects cannot be converted to the required object or collection types.

ORA-19030 Method invalid for non-schema based XML Documents.

    Cause: The method can be invoked on only schema based xmltype objects.

    Action: Don't invoke the method for non schema based xmltype objects.

ORA-19031 XML element or attribute string does not match any in type string.string

    Cause: The passed in XML tag does not match any in the object type.

    Action: Pass a valid canonical XML that can map to the given object type.

ORA-19032 Expected XML tag string got string

    Cause: When converting XML to object, a wrong tag name was present.

    Action: Pass a valid canonical XML that can map to the given object type

ORA-19033 schema specified in the XML document does not match the schema parameter

    Cause: When creating schema-based XML, the schema specified in the XML document is different from the schema passed in as the 'schema' parameter.

    Action: Change the schema parameter to match the schema specified in the XML document.

ORA-19034 Type not supported during schema generation

    Cause: The object type contained a type that is not supported for schema generation.

    Action: Use a different type or do not generate a schema.

ORA-19200 Invalid column specification

    Cause: All input arguments must be valid columns

    Action: Specify a valid list of columns

ORA-19201 Datatype not supported

    Cause: The particular datatype is not supported in the XMLGEN operator

    Action: Specify only supported datatypes as arguments to the XMLGEN operator

ORA-19202 Error occurred in XML processing string

    Cause: An error occurred when processing the XML function

    Action: Check the given error message and fix the appropriate problem

ORA-19203 Error occurred in DBMS_XMLGEN processing string

    Cause: An error occurred when processing the DBMS_XMLGEN functions

    Action: Check the given error message and fix the appropriate problem

ORA-19204 Non-scalar value 'string' is marked as XML attribute

    Cause: Only scalar values (that is values which are not of object or collection type) can be marked as XML attribute, that is prefixed by '@'. In this case, a non-scalar value was prefixed with '@'.

    Action: Remove the '@' sign, or make the value a scalar.

ORA-19205 Attribute 'string' qualifies a non-scalar value in the select list

    Cause: The attribute immediately follows a value of object or collection type in the select list or type definition.

    Action: Remove the '@' sign, or make the previous value a scalar.

ORA-19206 Invalid value for query or REF CURSOR parameter

    Cause: The queryString argument passed to DBMS_XMLGEN.newContext was not a valid query or REF CURSOR.

    Action: Rewrite the query so that the queryString argument is a valid query or REF CURSOR.

ORA-19207 scalar parameter string of XMLELEMENT cannot have an alias.

    Cause: The scalar parameter to XMLELEMENT has been qualified with an alias.

    Action: Remove the AS clause of the scalar element.

ORA-19208 parameter string of function string must be aliased

    Cause: The indicated parameter of the XML generation function has not been aliased, although it is an expression.

    Action: Specify an alias for the expression using the AS clause.

ORA-19209 invalid or unsupported formatting argument

    Cause: An invalid or unsupported formatting argument was supplied.

    Action: Change the formatting argument to legal supported values.

ORA-19300 Error occurred in uri processing string

    Cause: An error occurred when processing the URL

    Action: Check the given error message and fix the appropriate problem

ORA-19320 Host name not specified in HTTP URL

    Cause: A host name was not specified in the HTTP url

    Action: Specify a host name in the HTTP url when creating the URL string

ORA-19321 Could not open HTTP connection to host (string): port (string)

    Cause: A HTTP connection could not be opened to the host

    Action: Specify a valid host name and port to connect to

ORA-19322 An error occurred while reading from host (string): port (string)

    Cause: An error occurred while reading from the HTTP host

    Action: Specify a valid host name and port to read from

ORA-19323 Invalid url string

    Cause: The URL must be a valid URL string

    Action: Specify a valid url string

ORA-19330 Type 'string'.'string' not installed. Please install the type before using the CREATE_DBURI operator

    Cause: The type required for the CREATE_DBURI operator has not been installed correctly.

    Action: Read the installation notes to install the type correctly.

ORA-19331 Last argument to CREATE_DBURI operator must be a column

    Cause: The final argument to the CREATE_DBURI operator must be a column to which the reference is being created.

    Action: Specify a valid column name in the query.

ORA-19332 Invalid column in the CREATE_DBURI operator

    Cause: The argument to the CREATE_DBURI operator can only be a column.

    Action: Specify a valid column name for the operator

ORA-19333 Invalid flags for the CREATE_DBURI operator

    Cause: The flags argument given to the DBURI operator is invalid

    Action: Specify a valid flag value (TEXT) for the DBURI operator

ORA-19334 Invalid column specification for CREATE_DBURI operator

    Cause: All columns must be valid and pointing to the same table or view

    Action: Specify valid list of columns that are from the same table or view.

ORA-19335 Invalid format type object

    Cause: An invalid format type object was specified for the XML function

    Action: Specify a valid format type object

ORA-19336 Missing XML root element

    Cause: The XML being generated does not have an enclosing root element.

    Action: The generated XML must have a root element.


ORA-12400 invalid argument to facility error handling

    Cause: An argument to a facility error handling function exceeded a maximum limit or referred to an invalid product/facility.

    Action: Specify a valid facility error handling parameter value.

ORA-12401 invalid label string: string

    Cause: The policy could not convert the label string to a valid internal label.

    Action: Correct the syntax of the label string.

ORA-12402 invalid format string: string

    Cause: The format string is not supported by the policy.

    Action: Correct the syntax of the format string.

ORA-12403 invalid internal label

    Cause: An internal label could not be converted to a valid label for the policy.

    Action: Analyze any additional messages on the error stack and consult the policy documentation.

ORA-12404 invalid privilege string: string

    Cause: The policy could not interpret the privilege string.

    Action: Specify a privilege string that is supported by the policy.

ORA-12405 invalid label list

    Cause: The policy determined that the label list was invalid for its intended use.

    Action: Check the policy constraints on the specific list of labels.

ORA-12406 unauthorized SQL statement for policy string

    Cause: The policy did not authorize the database session to perform the requested SQL statement.

    Action: Grant the user or program unit the necessary policy privilege or additional authorizations.

ORA-12407 unauthorized operation for policy string

    Cause: The policy did not authorize the database session to perform the requested operation.

    Action: Grant the user or program unit the necessary policy privilege or additional authorizations.

ORA-12408 unsupported operation: string

    Cause: The specified policy does not support the requested operation.

    Action: Consult the policy documentation to determine the supported access mediation operations.

ORA-12409 policy startup failure for string policy

    Cause: The policy encountered an error during startup processing; access to the data protected by the policy is prohibited.

    Action: Check the alert log for additional information, correct the policy error, and restart the instance.

ORA-12410 internal policy error for policy: string Error: string

    Cause: The policy enforcement encountered an internal error.

    Action: Consult the policy documentation for details.

ORA-12411 invalid label value

    Cause: The specified label value does not exist.

    Action: Check the data dictionary views for the policy to identify valid labels.

ORA-12412 policy package string is not installed

    Cause: The policy package does not exist in the database.

    Action: Check that the policy package name is correct or install the required policy package.

ORA-12413 labels do not belong to the same policy

    Cause: The labels being compared belong to different policies.

    Action: Only compare labels that belong to the same policy.

ORA-12414 internal LBAC error: string Error: string

    Cause: An internal label policy framework error occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12415 A column of another datatype exists on the specified table

    Cause: The datatype of the column present in the table is different from the datatype set for the policy column.

    Action: Drop the column on the table or change the datatype for the policy column.

ORA-12416 policy string not found

    Cause: The specified policy does not exist in the database.

    Action: Enter the correct policy name or create the policy.

ORA-12417 database object "string" not found

    Cause: The specified object was not in the database.

    Action: Enter the correct name for the database object.

ORA-12418 user string not found

    Cause: The specified user does not exist in the database.

    Action: Correct the user name or create the user.

ORA-12419 null binary label value

    Cause: A null value was provided for a binary label operation.

    Action: Provide a valid binary label for the operation.

ORA-12420 required procedures and functions not in policy package "string"

    Cause: The policy package did not contain all of the procedures and functions necessary to enforce the policy.

    Action: Consult the label framework documentation for a list of required procedures and functions for a policy package.

ORA-12421 different size binary labels

    Cause: The label sizes for the binary label operation were not equal.

    Action: Provide binary labels with the same lengths for the operation.

ORA-12422 max policies exceeded

    Cause: You tried to create a new policy, but the maximum number of policies for the instance had already been created.

    Action: Increase the size of the MAX_LABEL_POLICIES initialization parameter and restart the server.

ORA-12423 invalid position specified

    Cause: The position specified for a binary label operation was invalid.

    Action: Provide a position that is within the label size limits.

ORA-12424 length exceeds binary label size

    Cause: The length specified for a binary label operation exceeded the size of the binary label.

    Action: Provide a bit or byte length that is within the label size limits.

ORA-12425 cannot apply policies or set authorizations for system schemas

    Cause: You tried to either apply a policy to the SYS, SYSTEM, or LBACSYS schema or to set user labels/privileges for the SYS, SYSTEM, or LBACSYS user.

    Action: Apply policies and set authorizations only for non-system users.

ORA-12426 invalid audit option

    Cause: The option specified was not a valid audit option for the specified policy.

    Action: Enter a correct audit option.

ORA-12427 invalid input value for string parameter

    Cause: An input parameter was specified incorrectly.

    Action: Correct the parameter value.

ORA-12429 label list range exceeded

    Cause: The specified index value was not between 1 and 6.

    Action: Correct the index value for the label list operation.

ORA-12430 invalid privilege number

    Cause: The specified privilege number was not between 1 and 32.

    Action: Correct the privilege number.

ORA-12431 invalid audit action

    Cause: The specified audit action was not a valid audit action.

    Action: Correct the audit action number.

ORA-12432 LBAC error: string

    Cause: LBAC enforcement resulted in an error.

    Action: Correct the problem identified in the error message.

ORA-12433 create trigger failed, policy not applied

    Cause: The policy could not be applied due to errors during the creation of a DML trigger.

    Action: Correct the SQL syntax of the label function specification.

ORA-12434 invalid audit type: string

    Cause: The audit type must be BY ACCESS or BY SESSION.

    Action: Correct the audit type value.

ORA-12435 invalid audit success: string

    Cause: The audit success parameter must be SUCCESSFUL or NOT SUCCESSFUL.

    Action: Correct the audit success value.

ORA-12436 no policy options specified

    Cause: A NULL option string was specified, but no default schema or policy option string was found.

    Action: Enter a valid option string, or alter the schema or policy to have a valid default option string.

ORA-12437 invalid policy option: string

    Cause: A value that was not a valid policy option was entered.

    Action: Correct the policy option value.

ORA-12438 repeated policy option: string

    Cause: A policy option was entered more than once in the option string.

    Action: Remove the duplicate policy option value.

ORA-12439 invalid combination of policy options

    Cause: A set of contradictory policy options was entered.

    Action: Provide a set of compatible policy options.

ORA-12440 insufficient authorization for the SYSDBA package

    Cause: The use of the SYSDBA package requires the LBAC_DBA role.

    Action: Grant the LBAC_DBA role to the database user.

ORA-12441 policy string already exists

    Cause: You tried to create a policy with the same name as an existing one.

    Action: Use a different name or drop the existing policy.

ORA-12442 policy column "string" already used by an existing policy

    Cause: You tried to create a policy with the same policy column name as an existing policy.

    Action: Use a different name for the policy column or drop the existing policy.

ORA-12443 policy not applied to some tables in schema

    Cause: You applied a policy to a schema, and some of the tables in the schema already had the policy applied.

    Action: No action necessary; the policy was applied to the remaining tables.

ORA-12444 policy already applied to table

    Cause: You tried to apply a policy to a table that was already protected by the policy.

    Action: To change the policy options, predicate, or label function, remove the policy from the table and re-apply it.

ORA-12445 cannot change HIDDEN property of column

    Cause: You tried to specify a different HIDE option for a table with an existing policy column.

    Action: Drop the column from the table and re-apply the policy with the new HIDE option.

ORA-12446 Insufficient authorization for administration of policy string

    Cause: You tried to perform an administrative function for a policy, but you have not been granted the policy_DBA role.

    Action: Grant the user the policy_DBA role for the specified policy.

ORA-12447 policy role already exists for policy string

    Cause: The role named policy_DBA already exists.

    Action: Correct the policy name or delete the existing policy.

ORA-12448 policy string not applied to schema string

    Cause: You tried to alter a schema policy that was not applied.

    Action: Correct the policy name or schema name.

ORA-12449 Labels specified for user must be of type USER

    Cause: You tried to set labels for a user, but the labels in the list were not all designated as USER labels.

    Action: Alter the labels to be USER labels.

ORA-12450 LOB datatype disabled in LBAC initialization file

    Cause: You tried to specify a LOB datatype for a column or attribute, but the use of the LOB datatype has been disabled.

    Action: Change the LBAC initialization file to allow the creation of LOB columns and attributes.

ORA-12451 label not designated as USER or DATA

    Cause: A label is either a DATA label, a USER label, or both DATA and USER.

    Action: Enter TRUE for at least DATA or USER.

ORA-12452 label tag string already exists

    Cause: The label tag value you entered is already in use for another label.

    Action: Enter a different value for the label tag.

ORA-12453 label string already exists

    Cause: The label value you entered already exists.

    Action: No action necessary; alter the label to change its tag or type.

ORA-12454 label string does not exist for policy string

    Cause: The label tag or value you entered did not identify a label for the policy.

    Action: Enter a label value or tag that is in use by the policy.

ORA-12461 undefined level string for policy string

    Cause: The specified level is not defined for the policy.

    Action: Correct the level identifier value.

ORA-12462 undefined compartment string for policy string

    Cause: The specified compartment is not defined for the policy.

    Action: Correct the compartment identifier value.

ORA-12463 undefined group string for policy string

    Cause: The specified group is not defined for the policy.

    Action: Correct the group identifier value.

ORA-12464 invalid characters in label component string

    Cause: Label components can contain only alphanumeric characters, blanks, and underscores.

    Action: Correct syntax of the label component.

ORA-12465 not authorized for read or write on specified groups or compartments

    Cause: You included groups or compartments that are not in the user's list of groups and compartments authorized for read or write access.

    Action: Include read access when authorizing groups or compartments for write access.

ORA-12466 default level is greater than the user's maximum

    Cause: The default level cannot be greater than the user's maximum.

    Action: Enter an authorized level.

ORA-12467 minimum label can contain a level only

    Cause: You included compartments or groups in the minimum label.

    Action: Enter only an authorized minimum level as the label.

ORA-12468 max write level does not equal max read level

    Cause: The level in the max write label must equal the level in the max read label.

    Action: Enter max read and max write labels with the same level component.

ORA-12469 no user levels found for user string and policy string

    Cause: No levels have been specified for the user.

    Action: Enter the maximum and minimum labels for the user.

ORA-12470 NULL or invalid user label: string

    Cause: The label entered is NULL or not within the user's authorizations.

    Action: Enter the authorized labels for the user.

ORA-12471 Specified compartment or group is not authorized for user

    Cause: The specified compartment or group is not in user's authorizations or the user does not have read on compartment or group specified for write.

    Action: Enter an authorized compartment or group.

ORA-12476 least upper bound resulted in an invalid OS label

    Cause: You tried to do an operation that generated a least upper bound (LUB) label which is not a valid label on your operating system.

    Action: Consult your OS label management documentation for information on invalid label generation.

ORA-12477 greatest lower bound resulted in an invalid OS label

    Cause: You tried to do an operation that generated a greatest lower bound (GLB) label which is not a valid label on your operating system.

    Action: Consult your OS label management documentation for information on invalid label generation.

ORA-12479 file label string must equal DBHIGH string

    Cause: A database file had an OS label that did not match DBHIGH. Either DBHIGH was altered or the OS file was relabeled.

    Action: Relabel the file so that its label matches DBHIGH, or alter DBHIGH so that it matches the label on the file.

ORA-12480 specified clearance labels not within the effective clearance

    Cause: You specified a clearance range that was not within your authorized clearance; you can only specify clearance ranges that are within your clearance.

    Action: Specify clearance labels that are within your own clearance range.

ORA-12481 effective label not within program unit clearance range

    Cause: The effective label when the program unit was invoked was not within the range authorized for the program unit.

    Action: Modify the program unit clearance range or invoke the program unit from a session with an authorized effective clearance.

ORA-12482 internal MLS error: string Error: string

    Cause: An internal MLS policy error occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-12483 label not in OS system accreditation range

    Cause: The specified label is above the OS maximum label or below the OS minimum label.

    Action: Use a label that is within the accreditation range for the host OS.

ORA-12484 invalid OS label

    Cause: The specified label does not exist in the OS host's label definition file.

    Action: Use the OS label management tools to define the label.

ORA-12485 new effective label not within effective clearance

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for an effective label that did not dominate the effective min label or was not dominated by the effective max label.

    Action: Enter a value between the min and the max labels.

ORA-12486 effective max labels and min labels cannot be changed

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for an effective min label or effective max label, but these labels cannot be changed.

    Action: Enter NULL values for the effective minimum and maximum labels.

ORA-12487 clearance labels not between DBHIGH and DBLOW

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for a clearance label that was not dominated by DBHIGH or did not dominate DBLOW.

    Action: Enter clearance label values between DBHIGH and DBLOW.

ORA-12488 maximum label does not dominate minimum label

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for a clearance label that did not preserve the dominance relationship between the minimum and maximum labels.

    Action: Enter label values that preserves the dominance relationship between the minimum and maximum.

ORA-12489 default label not within clearance range

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for a default label that did not dominate the minimum clearance or was not dominated by the maximum clearance.

    Action: Enter a default label value within the clearance range.

ORA-12490 DBHIGH cannot be lowered

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for DBHIGH that did not dominate the existing value of DBHIGH.

    Action: Enter a value for DBHIGH that dominates the old value.

ORA-12491 DBHIGH value does not dominate DBLOW

    Cause: You attempted to enter a value for DBHIGH that did not dominate DBLOW.

    Action: Enter a value for DBHIGH that dominates DBLOW.

ORA-12492 DBLOW cannot be changed

    Cause: You attempted to change the value of DBLOW after it had been set to any initial value. DBLOW can only be set once after initial database creation.

    Action: To change DBLOW, you have to create a new database, set DBLOW to the new value, and import your data into the new database.

ORA-12493 invalid MLS binary label

    Cause: The MLS binary label contained an invalid value, was not the correct size, or contained a level, category, or release category that was not enabled.

    Action: Check the DBA_MLS_LABELS view for the valid MLS labels.

ORA-12494 cannot insert or delete a level, category, or release category

    Cause: You attempted to insert or delete a level, category, or release category definition.

    Action: If the label definition is no longer valid, change its name to one that identifies it as invalid. When any labels are converted to character strings, the new label definition will be used.

ORA-12495 cannot disable an enabled level, category, or release category

    Cause: You attempted to disable a level, category, or release category that had previously been enabled. An enabled label definition may exist in some database label, so it cannot be disabled.

    Action: If the label definition is no longer valid, change its name to one that identifies it as invalid. When any labels are converted to character strings, the new label definition will be used.

ORA-12496 cannot change existing level, category, or release numbers

    Cause: You attempted to change the number assigned to level, category or releasability category.

    Action: Change the character string representations, not the numbers.

ORA-12497 maximum combined categories exceeds string

    Cause: The maximum number of descriptive categories plus release categories supported by the MLS policy was exceeded.

    Action: Enter numbers that do not add up to more than the maximum.

ORA-19400 System type conflict with object SYS.string

    Cause: The user had an object with the same name as one of the system types. The system types were not initialized properly.

    Action: Remove the conflicting object and re-run migration.

ORA-19500 device block size string is invalid

    Cause: The device block size returned by sequential I/O OSD is invalid.

    Action: If the block size was set by using the PARMS option of the Recovery Manager ALLOCATE CHANNEL command, then the specified block size must be changed. If no PARMS option was specified on the ALLOCATE CHANNEL command, then this is an internal error that should be reported to Oracle.

ORA-19501 read error on file "string", blockno string (blocksize=string)

    Cause: Read error on input file.

    Action: Check the file.

ORA-19502 write error on file "string", blockno string (blocksize=string)

    Cause: Write error on output file.

    Action: Check the file.

ORA-19503 cannot obtain information on device, name="string", type="string", parms="string"

    Cause: Call to get device information returned an error.

    Action: Check device name, type, and parameters.

ORA-19504 failed to create file "string"

    Cause: Call to create file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages and check access permissions.

ORA-19505 failed to identify file "string"

    Cause: Call to identify the file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages, and check whether the file exists.

ORA-19506 failed to create sequential file, name="string", parms="string"

    Cause: Call to create the sequential file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages, check access permissions.

ORA-19507 failed to retrieve sequential file, handle="string", parms="string"

    Cause: Call to retrieve the sequential file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages, and check if the file exists.

ORA-19508 failed to delete file "string"

    Cause: Call to delete the file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages.

ORA-19509 failed to delete sequential file, handle="string", parms="string"

    Cause: Call to delete the sequential file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages.

ORA-19510 failed to set size of string blocks for file "string" (blocksize=string)

    Cause: Call to resize the file returned an error.

    Action: Check additional messages.

ORA-19511 Error received from media manager layer, error text: string

    Cause: An error occurred in the media management software which is linked with the Oracle server to perform backup and restore in cooperation with Recovery Manager.

    Action: If the text of message 19511 does not provide enough information to resolve the problem, then you should contact the vendor of the media management software.

ORA-19550 cannot use backup/restore functions while using dispatcher

    Cause: An attempt was made to use backup/restore functions while connected to the dispatcher in a shared server. This is not allowed because the device that is used for backup and restore must remain allocated to a single process.

    Action: Connect directly to the instance then re-execute the backup or restore function.

ORA-19551 device is busy, device type: string, device name: string

    Cause: The indicated device could not be allocated because it is allocated to another session, or no device was named, or all devices of the requested type are busy.

    Action: Either attempt to allocate another device or wait until the required device is no longer busy.

ORA-19552 device type string is invalid

    Cause: The device type indicated is invalid.

    Action: Supply a correct device type and retry the allocation.

ORA-19553 device name string is invalid

    Cause: The device name indicated is invalid.

    Action: Supply a correct device name and retry the allocation.

ORA-19554 error allocating device, device type: string, device name: string

    Cause: The specified device could not be allocated.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error and retry the allocation.

ORA-19555 invalid LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST parameter value

    Cause: The value of parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST was not set within the valid range.

    Action: Specify a correct value for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST. If the archive log parameters LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST or LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST are in use, set parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_MIN_SUCCEED_DEST to either 1 or 2.

ORA-19556 required destination LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST currently is deferred

    Cause: The destination for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST was deferred when it was required to be enabled. The destination was deferred automatically when an ALTER SYSTEM command for parameter LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST defined a destination which duplicated an existing LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameter destination.

    Action: Change the destination value for the LOG_ARCHIVE_DUPLEX_DEST parameter.

ORA-19557 device error, device type: string, device name: string

    Cause: An error occurred in the platform-specific device code.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error and retry the allocation.

ORA-19558 error de-allocating device

    Cause: The specified device could not be de-allocated.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error and retry the allocation.

ORA-19559 error sending device command: string

    Cause: An error occurred while sending the indicated command to the session device.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error and retry the allocation.

ORA-19560 string is not a valid device limit

    Cause: An invalid type of device limit was specified in a call to X$DBMS_BACKUP_RESTORE.SETLIMIT.

    Action: Use one of the documented limits: KBYTES, READRATE, or PARALLEL.

ORA-19561 string requires a DISK channel

    Cause: The attempted command requires that a DISK device channel be allocated to the session, but a non-DISK device was found.

    Action: Deallocate the current device and allocate a DISK channel, then retry the command.

ORA-19562 file string is empty

    Cause: The indicated file, which is an archive log, control file, or datafile was found to be empty during a copy, backup, or scan] operation.

    Action: Ensure that the correct files are being specified for the copy or backup operation.

ORA-19563 string header validation failed for file string

    Cause: When opening the file to be placed in a copy or backup set, to be inspected, or used as the target for an incremental restore, the header was not recognized as a valid file header for a file of the indicated type (datafile, archived log, or control file), belonging to the current database.

    Action: Ensure that the correct files are being specified for the copy or backup operation.

ORA-19564 error occurred writing string bytes at block number string

    Cause: An error occurred while writing to a file.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error if possible, then retry the copy, backup, or restore operation.

ORA-19565 BACKUP_TAPE_IO_SLAVES not enabled when duplexing to sequential devices

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify duplexing to sequential devices, but the BACKUP_TAPE_IO_SLAVES initialization parameter was not enabled.

    Action: Specify BACKUP_TAPE_IO_SLAVES=TRUE in the INIT.ORA file, or do not specify duplexing to sequential devices.

ORA-19566 exceeded limit of string corrupt blocks for file string

    Cause: The user specified limit of allowable corrupt blocks was exceeded while reading the specified datafile for a datafile copy or backup.

    Action: No action required. The copy or backup operation fails. The session trace file contains detailed information about which blocks were corrupt.

ORA-19567 cannot shrink file string because it is being backed up or copied

    Cause: An ALTER statement attempted to reduce the size of the indicated file while the same file is being backed up or copied.

    Action: Retry the resize after the backup or copy is complete.

ORA-19568 a device is already allocated to this session

    Cause: A device cannot be allocated to a session if another device is already allocated.

    Action: Deallocate the current device.

ORA-19569 no device is allocated to this session

    Cause: An operation was attempted which requires a device to be allocated to the current session, and there is no device allocated.

    Action: Allocate a device then retry the operation.

ORA-19570 file number string is outside valid range of 1 through string

    Cause: A file number used in a copy, backup, or restore operation is not valid for the current database.

    Action: Specify a valid file number.

ORA-19571 string recid string stamp string not found in controlfile

    Cause: The input file specified for a copy or backup operation could not be opened because the record describing the file is not found in the control file.

    Action: Specify a correct RECID/stamp and retry the copy or backup.

ORA-19572 cannot process file string, file is being being resized

    Cause: The input file specified for a copy or backup operation could not be opened because the file is being resized.

    Action: Wait for the resize to complete then retry the copy or backup.

ORA-19573 cannot obtain string enqueue for datafile string

    Cause: The file access enqueue could not be obtained for a file specified in a backup, copy or restore operation. If the enqueue type shown is SHARED, then the file is the input file for a backup or copy. If the type is EXCLUSIVE, then the file is the output file for a datafile copy or restore which is attempting to overwrite the currently active version of that file. In this case, the file must be offline or the database must be closed. If the type is read-only, then you are attempting to back up or copy this file while the database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode.

    Action: Wait until the conflicting operation is complete, then retry the copy or backup. If the database is in NOARCHIVELOG mode, then all files being backed up must be closed cleanly.

ORA-19574 output filename must be specified

    Cause: This type of copy or restore requires an output file name.

    Action: Specify an output file name and retry the copy.

ORA-19575 expected string blocks in file string, found string

    Cause: During a backup, restore, copy, or scan operation, the indicated file did not contain as many blocks as were indicated in the file header.

    Action: The input copy or backup piece is probably corrupt. If another backup or copy exists of the file that is being restored, then the corrupt file can be deleted from the recovery catalog and the operation can be restarted.

ORA-19576 datafile string not defined in control file

    Cause: The specified file number was not found in the control file.

    Action: Specify a correct file number and retry the operation.

ORA-19577 file string is MISSING

    Cause: A copyDataFileCopy, restoreDataFileTo or proxyRestoreDataFile function specified a file number but no output file name, indicating that the output file name should be taken from the control file. However, the control file entry for this file indicates that it was created for a file that was present in the data dictionary but not named during the last CREATE CONTROLFILE statement, so the name in the control file cannot be used for restoration.

    Action: Either specify an output file name or issue a SQL RENAME command to enter a valid name for this file in the control file.

ORA-19578 end of volume while duplexing to sequential files, backup piece incomplete

    Cause: An end of volume (EOV) condition was detected while duplexing to sequential files, and this condition cannot be handled currently.

    Action: Before retrying the backup, make sure the backup pieces will fit in the volume, or disable duplexing.

ORA-19579 archivelog record for string not found

    Cause: No archived log record corresponding to the input file could be found in the control file.

    Action: Specify a valid archive log file name and retry the operation.

ORA-19580 string conversation not active

    Cause: A backup or restore operation was attempted before a conversation was started.

    Action: Start a conversation then retry the operation.

ORA-19581 no files have been named

    Cause: An attempt was made to proceed from the file naming phase to the piece processing phase of a backup or restore conversation before any files have been specified for backup or restore.

    Action: Specify some files then retry the operation.

ORA-19582 archivelog file header validation for string failed

    Cause: The archived log file header is corrupt and could not be validated.

    Action: Provide a valid archive log file and retry the operation.

ORA-19583 conversation terminated due to error

    Cause: An error occurred which forced the termination of the current backup or restore conversation.

    Action: There should be other error messages to help identify the cause of the problem. Correct the error and begin another conversation.

ORA-19584 file string already in use

    Cause: The indicated file, which was specified as the target for a copy, restore, or delete operation is already in use by the database.

    Action: Specify a different name and retry the operation.

ORA-19585 premature end of volume on piece string

    Cause: While creating the indicated backup piece, an end-of-volume condition was encountered before all of the backup set control data was written to the backup piece. This is most likely a media error, because the amount of backup set control data is very small in relation to the total amount of data in a backup set.

    Action: Retry the piece with a larger piece of output media.

ORA-19586 string k-byte limit is too small to hold piece directory

    Cause: The user-specified limit of k-bytes per backup piece is not enough to hold the backup set control data.

    Action: Use the setLimit procedure to increase the k-byte limit and retry the operation.

ORA-19587 error occurred reading string bytes at block number string

    Cause: An error occurred while reading from a file.

    Action: One or more other messages should be displayed to help pinpoint the cause of the error. Correct the error then retry the copy, backup, or restore operation.

ORA-19588 string recid string stamp string is no longer valid

    Cause: The indicated record has been marked as deleted. This indicates that the corresponding file has either been overwritten by another copy or restore, or that the copy was 'consumed' by a switchToCopy operation.

    Action: If you know the name of the file you wish to copy, then inspect it and then retry the copy specifying the new RECID.

ORA-19589 string is not a snapshot or backup controlfile

    Cause: The control file that is the source for a backup or copy operation is not a snapshot or backup control file.

    Action: Specify the name of a snapshot or backup control file.

ORA-19590 conversation already active

    Cause: An attempt was made to begin a backup or restore conversation, but another conversation is already active in this session.

    Action: Either continue the current conversation, or call backupCancel or restoreCancel to end the current conversation before starting a new one.

ORA-19592 wrong string conversation type

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a type of file to be backed-up or restored, but the current conversation cannot process this type of file. For example, you specified an archived log to be included in a datafile backup set. The specified file will not be included in the backup or restore operation.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19593 datafile number string already included as string

    Cause: This datafile is already specified for inclusion in this backup or restore conversation. A backup or restore conversation may process only a single instance of a datafile.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19594 controlfile already included as string

    Cause: The control file is already specified for inclusion in this backup or restore conversation. A backup or restore conversation may process only a single instance of the control file.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19595 archivelog string already included in backup conversation

    Cause: The indicated archive log has already been specified for inclusion in this backup conversation.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19596 SPFILE already included

    Cause: The SPFILE is already specified for inclusion in this backup or restore conversation. A backup or restore conversation may process only a single instance of the SPFILE.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19597 file string blocksize string does not match set blocksize of string

    Cause: A file was specified for inclusion in a backup set but it has a logical block size different from the rest of the files in the backup set. All files in a backup set must have the same logical block size.

    Action: Specify a file that has the same block size as the rest of the files in the backup set. The conversation is still active and more files can be specified.

ORA-19598 can not backup SPFILE because the instance was not started with SPFILE

    Cause: A backup command requested a backup of the SPFILE, but no SPFILE was used to start up the instance.

    Action: Create an SPFILE and restart the instance using the SPFILE.

ORA-19599 block number string is corrupt in string string

    Cause: A corrupt block was found in a controlfile, archivelog, or backup piece that is being read for a backup or copy. Corruption is not tolerated in controlfiles, archivelogs, or backup pieces.

    Action: No action required. The copy or backup operation fails. Note that in the case of a backup set, the conversation is still active and the piece may be retried.

ORA-19600 input file is string string (string)

    Cause: This message identifies the input file for a failed copy operation. Both the file number and name (if the name has been determined) are shown.

        * For a datafile, the file number refers to the datafile's absolute file number as shown in the DBA_DATA_FILES view.
        * For a datafile-copy, the file number refers to the copy's control file record number as shown in the V$DATAFILE_COPY view.
        * For a datafile-copy, the file number refers to the copy's control file record number as shown in the RECID column of the V$DATAFILE_COPY view.
        * For an archived log, the file number refers to the log's control file record number as shown in the RECID column of the V$ARCHIVED_LOG view.

    Action: Other messages should display to help pinpoint the cause and the solution.

ORA-19601 output file is string string (string)

    Cause: This message identifies the output file for a failed copy operation. The fields are as described in message 19600. When creating a new datafile copy, its control file record number may not have been determined when the message is printed. In that case, the record number shown is zero.

    Action: See other error message.

ORA-19602 cannot backup or copy active file in NOARCHIVELOG mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to copy or backup a file that was not closed cleanly, and the database was in NOARCHIVELOG mode. This is not allowed because when restored, the file will require redo application before it is usable, and redo is not currently being saved beyond the contents of the online redo logs.

    Action: Take the tablespace offline clean or close the database and retry the copy or backup.

ORA-19603 cannot backup or copy active file with KEEP .. UNRECOVERABLE option

    Cause: The user tried to copy or backup a file that was not closed cleanly, with the KEEP .. UNRECOVERABLE option. This is not allowed because when restored, the file will require redo application before it is usable, and redo will not be saved because of the KEEP .. UNRECOVERABLE option.

    Action: Take the tablespace offline cleanly, or close the database and retry the copy or backup.

ORA-19604 conversation file naming phase is over

    Cause: A call was made to specify a file to be backed up or restored after the first backup piece has been processed.

    Action: You cannot specify more files to be processed during a backup or restore conversation after the first backup piece has been processed. If more files must be specified, you must begin a new conversation.

ORA-19605 input filename must be specified

    Cause: The input file name was not specified for a control file copy operation.

    Action: Specify an input file name and retry the operation.

ORA-19606 Cannot copy or restore to snapshot controlfile

    Cause: A control file copy or restore operation specified the name of the snapshot control file as the output file. It is not permitted to overwrite the snapshot control file in this manner. Other methods are available to create the snapshot control file.

    Action: Specify a different file name and retry the operation. If this is a restore, then the restore conversation remains active and more files may be specified.

ORA-19607 string is an active controlfile

    Cause: A control file copy, restore, or backup specified the name of a control file named in the INIT.ORA file as the input or output file.

    Action: Specify a different file name and retry the operation. If this is a backup or restore conversation, then the conversation remains active and more files may be specified.

ORA-19608 string is not a backup piece

    Cause: The specified file is not a backup piece produced by the DBMS_BACKUP_RESTORE package. Either the first block of the backup piece is corrupt or this file is not a backup piece.

    Action: Specify a different file name and retry the operation.

ORA-19609 string is from different backup set: stamp string count string

    Cause: The specified file is not from the backup set which is currently being processed. It is part of a different backup set. The identification of the set containing this piece is shown.

    Action: Specify the correct backup piece and retry the operation.

ORA-19610 directory block string is corrupt

    Cause: The indicated directory block failed checksum validation. This backup piece is unusable.

    Action: Supply another copy of the same backup piece, or terminate the restore conversation.

ORA-19611 backup piece out of order. Expected string but found string

    Cause: This backup piece is out of sequence.

    Action: Supply the correct backup piece.

ORA-19612 datafile string not restored due to string

    Cause: The indicated file could not be restored, because all of its data blocks were not found in the backup piece.

    Action: The restore conversation remains active, and the current piece must be reprocessed. If the failure cannot be resolved by reprocessing the current piece, then the restore conversation must be cancelled.

ORA-19613 datafile string not found in backup set

    Cause: The indicated file could not be restored, because it is not in this backup set. If the file number is zero, then this refers to the control file.

    Action: This message is issued when the directory from the first backup piece is read and one or more files named for restoration were not found. The restore conversation is still active, but no data has been read and you must supply the first backup piece of a backup set that contains all of the requested files.

ORA-19614 archivelog thread string sequence string not found in backup set

    Cause: The indicated archived log file was named explicitly for restoration but is not contained in this backup set.

    Action: This message is issued when the directory from the first backup piece is read and one or more files named for restoration were not found. The restore conversation is still active, but no data has been read and you must supply the first backup piece of a backup set that contains all of the requested files.

ORA-19615 some files not found in backup set

    Cause: Some files that were specified for restoration were not found in the backup set directory. Message 19613 or 19614 is issued for each file that was not found.

    Action: See the instructions for message 19613.

ORA-19616 output filename must be specified if database not mounted

    Cause: A datafile restore specified no target file name, but the database is not mounted. The database must be mounted when no target file name is specified, so that the target file name can be obtained from the control file.

    Action: The restore conversation remains active. If you wish to restore datafiles without their target file names, then mount the database before continuing. Otherwise, a target file name must be specified on all datafile restoration calls.

ORA-19617 file string contains different resetlogs data

    Cause: The indicated file contains resetlogs data which is different from the archived log files which are already included in the backup set. All archived log files in a backup set must have the same resetlogs data.

    Action: The restore conversation remains active, and you may continue to specify archived log files for inclusion in the backup set.

ORA-19618 cannot name files after restoreValidate has been called

    Cause: A call was made to specify a file to restore from a backup set, but a previous call to restoreValidate has already been made.

    Action: You must cancel and restart the conversation if you wish to specify files to restore.

ORA-19619 cannot call restoreValidate after files have been named

    Cause: restoreValidate was called after some files had already been specified for restoration.

    Action: You must cancel and restart the conversation if you wish to call restoreValidate.

ORA-19621 archivelog range has already been specified

    Cause: A range of logs has already been specified. Only one SCN range may be specified per conversation.

    Action: The restore conversation remains active and more logs may be specified by thread and sequence number, if desired.

ORA-19622 archivelog thread string sequence string not restored due to string

    Cause: The indicated file could not be restored, because all of its data blocks were not found in the backup piece.

    Action: The restore conversation remains active, and the current piece must be reprocessed. If the failure cannot be resolved by reprocessing the current piece, then the restore conversation must be cancelled.

ORA-19623 file string is open

    Cause: A SwitchToCopy operation specified a datafile copy whose parent datafile is open.

    Action: Take the owning tablespace offline or close the database, then retry the operation.

ORA-19624 operation failed, retry possible

    Cause: A backup, restore or image copy operation failed with an I/O error. If the source of the I/O error can be corrected, then the operation may be retried.

    Action: This message is used by Recovery Manager to decide whether or not to retry the operation.

ORA-19625 error identifying file string

    Cause: A file specified as input to a copy or backup operation, or as the target for an incremental restore, could not be identified as an Oracle file. An operating system-specific error accompanies this error to help pinpoint the problem.

    Action: Specify an different file and retry the operation.

ORA-19626 backup set type is string - can not be processed by this conversation

    Cause: The data in the backup set is not compatible with the current conversation.

    Action: Either supply the first piece from a backup set that matches the current conversation or start a new restore conversation which can process this backup set.

ORA-19627 cannot read backup pieces during controlfile application

    Cause: This is a control file restore conversation, which is using the offline range information from one or more control files to update datafile checkpoint data. Backup sets are not used during this type of conversation.

    Action: The conversation is still active and more control files may be applied.

ORA-19628 invalid SCN range

    Cause: The starting SCN for restoreRedoLogRange is greater than the ending SCN.

    Action: Specify a starting SCN which is less than or equal to the ending SCN.

ORA-19629 no files in specified archivelog SCN range

    Cause: This backup set contains no files in the specified range.

    Action: Either supply a backup set that contains files in the correct range or start a new conversation and specify a range which will select some files from this backup set.

ORA-19630 end of volume encountered while copying backup piece

    Cause: While copying a backup piece from the operating system native file system to an output device, the output device encountered end-of-volume.

    Action: The copy fails. This could happen if a tape was used which is not large enough to hold the entire backup piece.

ORA-19631 archivelog record contains no file name

    Cause: This archive log record represents a switch into an active log that took place without archiving its prior contents. The prior contents of the log file are lost.

    Action: Specify the RECID of an archive log record that contains a file name. Fixed view V$ARCHIVED_LOG can be used to examine the archived logs.

ORA-19632 file name not found in controlfile

    Cause: The name passed to getFno was not found in the control file.

    Action: Supply a valid file name.

ORA-19633 controlfile record string is out of sync with recovery catalog

    Cause: The control file record describing the file to be deleted in a call to deleteBackupPiece, deleteDataFilecopy, proxyDelete or deleteArchivedLog does not match the validation data supplied by Recovery Manager.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-19634 filename required for this function

    Cause: The FNAME or handle parameter was not specified for deletePiece, deleteDataFileCopy, deleteRedoLog or proxyDelete.

    Action: Specify the FNAME or handle parameter when calling these functions.

ORA-19635 input and output filenames are identical

    Cause: Identical input and output file names were specified for a datafile copy operation.

    Action: Specify an output file name which is different from the input file name.

ORA-19636 archivelog thread string sequence string already included

    Cause: The indicated archive log has already been specified for inclusion in this restore conversation. A restore conversation may process only one copy of any archive log.

    Action: No action required. The conversation is still active, and more files can be specified.

ORA-19637 backupPieceCreate requires file name when using DISK device

    Cause: The session device is currently allocated to disk, and so a file name is required.

    Action: Supply a file name and retry the operation.

ORA-19638 file string is not current enough to apply this incremental backup

    Cause: The checkpoint of the target for this incremental backup is less than the start of the incremental backup. If this backup were applied, then any changes made between the datafile checkpoint and the start of the incremental backup could be lost.

    Action: Supply a backup set that can be applied and retry the operation.

ORA-19639 file string is more current than this incremental backup

    Cause: The checkpoint of the target for this incremental backup is greater than or equal to the checkpoint of the file in the incremental backup set. This backup cannot advance the checkpoint of the target file, so there is no point in applying it.

    Action: Supply a backup set that can be applied and retry the operation.

ORA-19640 datafile checkpoint is SCN string time string

    Cause: This message identifies the datafile checkpoint for a datafile that was too old to take an incremental backup from, or the target of an incremental restore that could not be applied.

    Action: See other error message.

ORA-19641 backup datafile checkpoint is SCN string time string

    Cause: This message identifies the checkpoint of a datafile in an incremental backup set that could not be applied.

    Action: See other error message.

ORA-19642 incremental-start SCN is string

    Cause: This message identifies the starting SCN of an incremental backup that could not be applied.

    Action: See other error message.

ORA-19643 datafile string: incremental-start SCN is too recent

    Cause: The incremental-start SCN which was specified when starting an incremental datafile backup is greater than the datafile checkpoint SCN, which could cause some blocks to be missed.

    Action: Specify a smaller incremental-start SCN.

ORA-19644 datafile string: incremental-start SCN is prior to resetlogs SCN string

    Cause: The incremental-start SCN which was specified when starting an incremental datafile backup is less than the resetlogs SCN.

    Action: Specify a larger incremental-start SCN.

ORA-19645 datafile string: incremental-start SCN is prior to creation SCN string

    Cause: The incremental-start SCN which was specified when starting an incremental datafile backup is less than the datafile's creation SCN.

    Action: Specify a larger incremental-start SCN.

ORA-19646 cannot change size of datafile string from string to string

    Cause: The indicated file was resized before this incremental backup was taken, but the incremental backup failed to set the file to the new size.

    Action: Examine the other messages which should be present to indicate the cause of the failure.

ORA-19647 non-zero LEVEL cannot be specified when INCREMENTAL is FALSE

    Cause: BackupSetDataFile was called with a non-zero BACKUP_LEVEL and a FALSE incremental indication.

    Action: Either set incremental to TRUE or change BACKUP_LEVEL to zero.

ORA-19648 datafile string: incremental-start SCN equals checkpoint SCN

    Cause: The incremental-start SCN which was specified when starting an incremental datafile backup is equal to the datafile's checkpoint SCN. Since an incremental backup can only be applied to a datafile whose checkpoint SCN is between the backup set incremental-start SCN (inclusive) and the backup set checkpoint SCN (exclusive), there is no datafile that this backup set could ever be applied to.

    Action: Specify a smaller incremental-start SCN.

ORA-19649 offline-range record recid string stamp string not found in file string

    Cause: applyOfflineRange was called with a RECID/stamp which was not found in the indicated control file. This probably means that the specified control file is no longer the same control file that Recovery Manager thinks it is.

    Action: Specify the RECID/stamp of a record that exists in the control file copy.

ORA-19650 Offline-range record recid string stamp string in file string has SCN string

    Cause: This messages identifies the offline-clean SCN from the indicated offline-range record in the indicated file.

    Action: See other error message.

ORA-19651 cannot apply offline-range record to datafile string: SCN mismatch

    Cause: applyOfflineRange cannot apply an offline-range record to a target datafile unless the datafile's checkpoint SCN exactly matches the offline-clean SCN in the specified offline-range record.

    Action: Specify an offline-range record whose offline-clean SCN matches the target datafile's checkpoint.

ORA-19652 cannot apply offline-range record to datafile string: file is fuzzy

    Cause: The target datafile for an applyOfflineRange call is fuzzy.

    Action: Specify a target datafile that is closed cleanly.

ORA-19653 cannot switch to older file incarnation

    Cause: SwitchToCopy was called with a datafile copy for a datafile that was dropped prior to the time this control file was backed up.

    Action: Restore and mount an earlier control file. It is acceptable to use a control file that was backed up prior to the creation of the specified datafile.

ORA-19654 must use backup controlfile to switch file incarnations

    Cause: This switchToCopy operation is attempting to switch incarnations of a datafile, but the currently mounted control file is not a backup control file.

    Action: Restore and mount a backup control file.

ORA-19655 cannot switch to incarnation with different resetlogs data

    Cause: This switchToCopy operation is attempting to switch to a datafile which comes from a different resetlogs version of the database.

    Action: Either restore a backup control file that was taken from the same database version as the target datafile-copy, or switch to a different datafile-copy.

ORA-19656 cannot backup, copy, or delete online log string

    Cause: The indicated log file is an active log. You can only backup, copy, or delete archived logs.

    Action: The indicated log file cannot be processed. Select another file.

ORA-19657 cannot inspect current datafile string

    Cause: The file being inspected is already part of the currently mounted database.

    Action: No action required. The file is already part of the database.

ORA-19658 cannot inspect string - file is from different resetlogs

    Cause: The resetlogs data in the log file being inspected does not match that in the currently mounted control file.

    Action: The indicated file cannot be processed; inspect another file.

ORA-19659 incremental restore would advance file string past resetlogs

    Cause: This incremental backup cannot be applied to the specified datafile, because the datafile is from an earlier incarnation of the database, and its checkpoint would be advanced too far to be recoverable in the current incarnation of the database.

    Action: This incremental cannot be applied to this datafile. If you wish to recover the file to the resetlogs SCN so that the database can be opened with the RESETLOGS option, then you must use redo-log recovery, not incremental restore, to continue recovering this file.

ORA-19660 some files in the backup set could not be verified

    Cause: A restore conversation was made to verify all the files in a backup set, and the files which were printed in messages 19661 or 19662 could not be verified because corrupt blocks for those files were found in the backup set.

    Action: Unless the damage to the backup set can be repaired, the indicated files cannot be restored from this backup set.

ORA-19661 datafile string could not be verified

    Cause: Some data blocks for the indicated datafile were corrupt in the backup set.

    Action: Unless the damage to the backup set can be repaired, the indicated datafile cannot be restored from this backup set.

ORA-19662 archived log thread string sequence string could not be verified

    Cause: Some data blocks for the indicated archived log were corrupt in the backup set.

    Action: Unless the damage to the backup set can be repaired, the indicated archived log cannot be restored from this backup set.

ORA-19663 cannot apply current offline range to datafile string

    Cause: An attempt was made to apply the current offline range to the specified datafile, but the datafile is either not current enough or is not at the correct SCN to apply the offline range.

    Action: The datafile remains unchanged.

ORA-19664 file type: string, file name: string

    Cause: This message is issued to identify the file which is the subject of an error.

    Action: No action required. This is an informational message. There should be other Oracle messages explaining the cause of the error.

ORA-19665 size string in file header does not match actual file size of string

    Cause: The size of the file as indicated in the file header does not match the true size of the file. The two differing sizes are shown in units of logical blocks.

    Action: This file is not usable; it has most likely been truncated.

ORA-19666 cannot do incremental restore of the controlfile

    Cause: The control file was included in an incremental restore conversation

    Action: If you wish to restore the control file, you must do a full restore of the control file.

ORA-19667 cannot do incremental restore of datafile string

    Cause: The backup of the datafile is a full backup.

    Action: If you wish to restore the datafile, you must do a full restore of the datafile.

ORA-19668 cannot do full restore of datafile string

    Cause: The backup of the datafile is an incremental backup.

    Action: If you wish to restore the datafile, you must do an incremental restore of the datafile.

ORA-19669 proxy copy functions cannot be run on DISK channel

    Cause: A proxy copy procedure was called, but the device which is allocated to the current session has type DISK.

    Action: Allocate a non-DISK channel and retry the operation. Note that proxy copy requires a third-party media management software product that supports the this backup/restore feature.

ORA-19670 file string already being restored

    Cause: A proxy restore function has already named this file as a restore destination.

    Action: Use a different file name. If this message occurs during a Recovery Manager job, then this is an internal error in Recovery Manager, and you should contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-19671 media management software returned invalid proxy handle

    Cause: During a proxy backup or restore, the media management software returned an invalid file handle. This is an internal error in the media management software which is linked with Oracle to provide backup/restore services.

    Action: Contact the media management software vendor.

ORA-19672 media management software returned invalid file status

    Cause: During a proxy backup or restore, the media management software returned an invalid file status. This is an internal error in the media management software which is linked with Oracle to provide backup/restore services.

    Action: Contact the media management software vendor.

ORA-19673 error during proxy copy of file string

    Cause: During a proxy backup or restore, an error occurred while copying this file, but other files may have been copied successfully.

    Action: There should be other errors on the error stack which explain why the file could not be successfully copied.

ORA-19674 file string is already being backed up with proxy copy

    Cause: Recovery Manager attempted to back up the specified file with proxy copy, but the file is already being backed up by another Recovery Manager job.

    Action: Wait until the other Recovery Manager backup of this file is complete, then retry the backup.

ORA-19675 file string was modified during proxy copy

    Cause: A proxy backup of the specified file failed because the file was brought online or otherwise modified while the proxy backup was in progress. This file was offline or read only when the backup began, so the file was not put into hot-backup mode, therefore no modifications are permitted while the backup is in progress.

    Action: Take another backup of this file.

ORA-19676 one or more files failed during proxy backup or restore

    Cause: During a proxy backup or restore, errors were encountered while processing some files. The files for which no error messages are shown were processed successfully.

    Action: Examine the messages regarding the specific files to determine the cause of the problems.

ORA-19677 RMAN configuration name exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The configuration name string exceeds the maximum length.

    Action: Supply a correct configuration name and retry the function.

ORA-19678 RMAN configuration value exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The configuration value string exceeds the maximum length.

    Action: Supply a correct configuration value and retry the operation.

ORA-19679 RMAN configuration number string is outside valid range of 1 through string

    Cause: An invalid RMAN Configuration number was specified.

    Action: Specify a correct datafile number and retry the operation.

ORA-19680 some blocks not recovered. See trace file for details

    Cause: Some blocks were not recovered during block media recovery.

    Action: See trace files for details of the problem.

ORA-19681 block media recovery on control file not possible

    Cause: File number 0 was specified in block media recovery.

    Action: Check file number.

ORA-19683 real and backup blocksize of file string are unequal

    Cause: The block size changed between the backup & the real file.

    Action: Use the correct backup.

ORA-19684 block media recovery failed because database is suspended

    Cause: Database is suspended, probably by an ALTER SYSTEM SUSPEND statement.

    Action: Execute ALTER SYSTEM RESUME then retry block media recovery.

ORA-19690 backup piece release string incompatible with Oracle release string

    Cause: The backup piece was created by incompatible software.

    Action: Either restart with a compatible software release or create another backup using the current release.

ORA-19700 device type exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The device type indicated is invalid.

    Action: Supply a correct device type and retry the allocation.

ORA-19701 device name exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The device name indicated is invalid.

    Action: Supply a correct device name and retry the allocation.

ORA-19702 device parameter exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The device parameter exceeds the port-specific maximum length.

    Action: Correct the parameter and retry the operation.

ORA-19703 device command string exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The device command string exceeds maximum length.

    Action: Correct the command and retry the operation.

ORA-19704 file name exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The specified file name, which was a parameter to a copy, backup, or restore operation, exceeds the maximum file name length for this operating system.

    Action: Retry the operation with a shorter file name.

ORA-19705 tag value exceeds maximum length of string characters

    Cause: During a backup or copy operation, the user supplied a tag value too long to fit in the file header.

    Action: Supply a shorter tag and retry the operation.

ORA-19706 invalid SCN

    Cause: The input SCN is either not a positive integer or too large.

    Action: Check the input SCN and make sure it is a valid SCN.

ORA-19707 invalid record block number - string

    Cause: The input number is either negative or too large.

    Action: Check the input record block number and make sure it is a valid number clauses in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

ORA-19708 log destination exceeds maximum length of string characters

    Cause: When starting a restore conversation, the user specified a log restore destination longer than the port-specific maximum.

    Action: Supply a shorter destination and retry the operation.

ORA-19709 numeric parameter must be non-negative integer

    Cause: A numeric parameter to an X$DBMS_BACKUP_RESTORE procedure is negative or contains a fractional portion.

    Action: Supply a valid numeric parameter.

ORA-19710 unsupported character set string

    Cause: When the target database is not mounted, RMAN sets the target database character set to the value specified in the users environment.

    Action: Specify a valid character set in the environment. This is usually done via the NLS_LANG environment variable.

ORA-19711 cannot use reNormalizeAllFileNames while database is open

    Cause: An attempt was made to re-normalize all the file names in the control file while the database is open.

    Action: Close the database before using the reNormalizeAllFileNames procedure.

ORA-19712 table name exceeds maximum length of string

    Cause: The table name string exceeds the maximum length.

    Action: Retry the operation with a shorter table name.

ORA-19713 invalid copy number: string

    Cause: The copy number is not in a valid range or you have reached the maximum limit.

    Action: Report the error and other information to support.

ORA-19714 length for generated piece name longer than string

    Cause: The specified format exceeds the maximum length for the piece name.

    Action: Change the format to create shorter piece names.

ORA-19715 invalid format for piece name

    Cause: A restricted format was used incorrectly.

    Action: Change the format by removing the restricted format.

ORA-19720 Error occurred when converting an OCI number into an SCN

    Cause: This is most likely caused by an invalid SCN number that came from an external file, such as an export file.

    Action: See other errors on the error stack to look for the source of the problem.

ORA-19721 Cannot find datafile with absolute file number string in tablespace string

    Cause: Cannot find one of the data files that should be in the pluggable set.

    Action: Make sure all datafiles are specified via import command line option or parameter files.

ORA-19722 datafile string is an incorrect version

    Cause: The datafile is an incorrect version. It contains either less or more changes then the desired version.

    Action: Make sure the right datafiles are transported. Make sure the datafile is copied while its tablespace is read only.

ORA-19723 Cannot recreate plugged in read-only datafile string

    Cause: The datafile is plugged in read only. It cannot re-created.

    Action: Use ALTER DATABASE RENAME FILE command instead.

ORA-19724 snapshot too old: snapshot time is before file string plug-in time

    Cause: The snapshot SCN is before the SCN at which the referred datafile is plugged into the database.

    Action: retry the query.

ORA-19725 can not acquire plug-in enqueue

    Cause: There maybe another ALTER DATABASE RESET COMPATIBILITY command issued concurrently, preventing this process from acquiring the plug-in enqueue.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-19726 cannot plug data [string] at level string into database running at compatibility level string

    Cause: Some of the data in the pluggable set requires a compatibility level higher than what is currently allowed by the database. The string in square bracket is the name of the compatibility type associated with the data.

    Action: Raise the value of the COMPATIBLE initialization parameter and retry the operation.

ORA-19727 cannot plug data [string] at level string into database running Oracle string

    Cause: Some of the data in the pluggable set requires a compatibility level higher than the release level of the Oracle executable. The string in square bracket is the name of the compatibility type associated with the data.

    Action: Upgrade Oracle and retry the operation.

ORA-19728 data object number conflict between table string and partition string in table string

    Cause: The non-partitioned table has the same data object number as one of the partitions in the partitioned table. One cannot exchange the table with the partition in this case.

    Action: Use the ALTER TABLE MOVE PARTITION command to move the offending partition, so that the partition will get a new data object number. Retry the operation then.

ORA-19729 File string is not the initial version of the plugged in datafile

    Cause: The file is not the initial version of the plugged in datafile.

    Action: Use the correct initial version of the plugged in datafile.

ORA-19730 can not convert offline plugged-in datafile string

    Cause: As part of making a tablespace read-write, we need to convert datafiles that are plugged in read only. The file must be online.

    Action: Bring the datafile online and retry the operation.

ORA-19731 cannot apply change to unverified plugged-in datafile string

    Cause: Recovery was not able to verify the referred datafile according to information in the control file. Before encountering this change vector for this file, somehow recovery did not encounter the file conversion redo that is supposed to verify the file. This may happen due to corrupted or incorrect control file used for media recovery.

    Action: Use the correct control file and continue recovery.

ORA-19732 incorrect number of datafiles for tablespace string

    Cause: The number of datafiles in the export file for the referred tablespace is not the same as expected. This is most likely caused by a user editing the export file.

    Action: Use the correct export file and retry the operation.

ORA-19733 COMPATIBLE parameter needs to be string or greater

    Cause: The COMPATIBLE initialization parameter is not high enough to allow the operation. Allowing the command would make the database incompatible with the release specified by the current COMPATIBLE parameter.

    Action: Shutdown and restart with a higher compatibility setting.

ORA-19734 wrong creation SCN - control file expects converted plugged-in datafile

    Cause: When a tablespace is plugged into a database, the tablespace is initially read only. Oracle converts the header of the plugged-in datafiles (assign them a new creation SCN) when the tablespace is first made read-write. This error occurs when the creation SCN in the file header is different from the creation SCN in the control file, possibly because this is the initial version of plugged-in datafile.

    Action: Either restore the converted datafile or continue recovering the datafile.

ORA-19735 wrong creation SCN - control file expects initial plugged-in datafile

    Cause: When a tablespace is plugged into a database, the tablespace is initially read only. Oracle converts the header of the plugged-in datafiles (assign them a new creation SCN) when the tablespace is first made read-write. This error occurs when the creation SCN in the file header is different from the creation SCN in the control file, possibly because this is the converted datafile.

    Action: Either restore the initial version of the plugged-in datafile, or continue database recovery, which will recover the control file.

ORA-19736 can not plug a tablespace into a database using a different national character set

    Cause: Oracle does not support plugging a tablespace into a database using a different national character set.

    Action: Use import/export or unload/load to move data instead.

ORA-19999 skip_row procedure was called

    Cause: The SKIP_ROW procedure was called which raises this error.

    Action: SKIP_ROW should only be called within a trigger or a procedure called by a trigger.

ORA-20000 string

    Cause: The stored procedure RAISE_APPLICATION_ERROR was called which causes this error to be generated.

    Action: Correct the problem as described in the error message or contact the application administrator or database administrator for more information.

ORA-21000 error number argument to raise_application_error of stringstring is out of range

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a number not in the allowed range.

    Action: Use an error number in the range of -20000 to -20999, inclusive.

ORA-21001 error number argument to raise_system_error of stringstring is out of range

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a number not in the allowed range.

    Action: Use an error number in the range of -23300 to -24299, or -29300 to -29399, inclusive.

ORA-21300 objects option not installed

    Cause: The objects option is not installed at this site. object types and other object features are, therefore, unavailable.

    Action: Install the objects option. The objects option is not part of the Oracle Server product and must be purchased separately. Contact Oracle Support Services if the objects option needs to be purchased.

ORA-21301 not initialized in object mode

    Cause: This function requires the OCI process to be initialized in object mode.

    Action: Specify OCI_OBJECT mode when calling OCIInitialize().

ORA-21500 internal error code, arguments: [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string], [string]

    Cause: This is the generic error number for the OCI environment (client-side) internal errors. This indicates that the OCI environment has encountered an exceptional condition.

    Action: Report to Oracle Support Services. The first argument is the internal error number.

ORA-21501 program could not allocate memory

    Cause: The operating system has run out of memory.

    Action: Take action to make more memory available to the program.

ORA-21503 program terminated by fatal error

    Cause: A program is in an unrecoverable error state.

    Action: Report to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-21520 database server driver not installed

    Cause: User attempted to access a database server through an object-mode OCI environment but the necessary driver for supporting such access to the database server is not installed or linked in.

    Action: Check if the driver corresponding to the database server has been installed/linked in and entered in the server driver table.

ORA-21521 exceeded maximum number of connections in OCI (object mode only)

    Cause: User exceeded the maximum number of connections (255) that can be supported by an OCI environment in object mode.

    Action: Close some of existing and unused connections before opening more connections.

ORA-21522 attempted to use an invalid connection in OCI (object mode only)

    Cause: User attempted to use an invalid connection or a connection that has been terminated in an OCI environment (object mode), or user attempted to de-reference a REF obtained from a connection which has been terminated.

    Action: Ensure that the connection exists and is still valid.

ORA-21523 functionality not supported by the server (object mode only)

    Cause: User attempted to use a functionality that the server does not support.

    Action: Upgrade the server.

ORA-21524 object type mismatch

    Cause: The object type of the object is different from what is specified.

    Action: Check the type of the object and correct it.

ORA-21525 attribute number or (collection element at index) string violated its constraints

    Cause: Attribute value or collection element value violated its constraint.

    Action: Change the value of the attribute or collection element such that it meets its constraints. The constraints are specified as part of the attribute or collection element's schema information.

ORA-21526 initialization failed

    Cause: The initialization sequence failed. This can happen, for example, if an environment variable such as NLS_DATE_FORMAT is set to an invalid value.

    Action: Check that all NLS environment variables are well-formed.

ORA-21560 argument string is null, invalid, or out of range

    Cause: The argument is expecting a non-null, valid value but the argument value passed in is null, invalid, or out of range. Examples include when the LOB/FILE positional or size argument has a value outside the range 1 through (4GB - 1), or when an invalid open mode is used to open a file, and so on.

    Action: Check your program and correct the caller of the routine to not pass a null, invalid or out-of-range argument value.

ORA-21561 OID generation failed

    Cause: The handles passed in may not be valid.

    Action: Check the validity of the env, svc handles.

ORA-21600 path expression too long

    Cause: The path expression that is supplied by the user is too long. The path expression is used to specify the position of an attribute in an object. This error occurs when one of the intermediate elements in the path expression refers to an attribute of a built-in type. Thus, the OCI function cannot proceed on to process the rest of the elements in the path expression.

    Action: Pass in the correct path expression to locate the attribute.

ORA-21601 attribute is not an object

    Cause: The user attempts to perform an operation (that is valid only for an object) to an attribute of a built-in type. An example of such an illegal operation is to dynamically set a null structure to an attribute of a built-in type.

    Action: Avoid performing such operation to an attribute of built-in type.

ORA-21602 operation does not support the specified typecode

    Cause: The user attempts to perform an operation that does not support the specified type code.

    Action: Use the range of valid type codes that are supported by this operation.

ORA-21603 property id [string] is invalid

    Cause: The specified property ID is invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid property ID. Valid property IDs are enumerated by OCIObjectPropId.

ORA-21604 property [string] is not a property of transient or value instances

    Cause: An attempt was made to get a property which applies only to persistent objects.

    Action: Check the lifetime and only get this property for persistent objects.

ORA-21605 property [string] is not a property of value instances

    Cause: An attempt was made to get a property which applies only to persistent and transient objects.

    Action: Check the lifetime and only get this property for persistent and transient objects.

ORA-21606 can not free this object

    Cause: An attempt was made to free an object that is persistent and dirty and the OCI_OBJECTFREE_FORCE flag is not specified.

    Action: Either flush the persistent object or set the flag to OCI_OBJECTFREE_FORCE

ORA-21607 memory cartridge service handle not initialized

    Cause: Attempt to use the handle without initializing it.

    Action: Initialize the memory cartridge service handle.

ORA-21608 duration is invalid for this function

    Cause: Attempt to use a duration not valid for this function.

    Action: Use a valid duration: a previously created user duration or OCI_DURATION_STATEMENT or OCI_DURATION_SESSION. For callout duration or external procedure duration, use OCIExtProcAllocCallMemory.

ORA-21609 memory being resized without being allocated first

    Cause: Attempt to resize memory without allocating it first.

    Action: Allocate the memory first before resizing it.

ORA-21610 size [string] is invalid

    Cause: Attempt to resize memory with invalid size.

    Action: Pass in a valid size (must be a positive integer).

ORA-21611 key length [string] is invalid

    Cause: Attempt to use an invalid key length.

    Action: Key length is invalid and valid range is 0 to 64.

ORA-21612 key is already being used

    Cause: Attempt to use a key that is already used.

    Action: Use a new key that is not yet being used.

ORA-21613 key does not exist

    Cause: Attempt to use a non-existent key.

    Action: Use a key that already exists.

ORA-21614 constraint violation for attribute number string

    Cause: Constraints on the attribute were violated.

    Action: Correct the value (of the attribute) so that it satisfies constraints.

ORA-21615 copy of an OTS (named or simple) instance failed

    Cause: See following message.

    Action: Check that no attribute value violates constraints.

ORA-21700 object does not exist or is marked for delete

    Cause: User attempted to perform an inappropriate operation to an object that is non-existent or marked for delete. Operations such as pinning, deleting and updating cannot be applied to an object that is non-existent or marked for delete.

    Action: Re-initialize the reference to reference an existent object or unmark the object.

ORA-21701 attempt to flush objects to different servers

    Cause: User attempted to flush objects to different servers in one function call. These objects are obtained by calling a callback functions provided by the program.

    Action: Avoid performing this operation.

ORA-21702 object is not instantiated or has been de-instantiated in cache

    Cause: User attempted to perform an inappropriate operation to a transient object that is not instantiated in the object cache. Operations that cannot be applied to a not-instantiated transient object include deleting or pinning such an object.

    Action: Check their code to see if they are performing such an operation without instantiating the object first, or performing such an operation after the allocation duration of the object has expired.

ORA-21703 cannot flush an object that is not modified

    Cause: See the error message.

    Action: The object should not be flushed.

ORA-21704 cannot terminate cache or connection without flushing first

    Cause: See the error message.

    Action: The transaction should be aborted or committed before terminating the cache or connection.

ORA-21705 service context is invalid

    Cause: The service context that is supplied by the user is not valid.

    Action: Establish the service context.

ORA-21706 duration does not exist or is invalid

    Cause: The duration number that is supplied by the user is not valid.

    Action: Establish the duration or use a correct predefined duration.

ORA-21707 pin duration is longer than allocation duration

    Cause: The pin duration supplied by the user is longer than the allocation duration. This affects operations such as pinning and setting default parameters.

    Action: Use a shorter pin duration or use the null duration.

ORA-21708 inappropriate operation on a transient object

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an inappropriate operation on a transient object. Operations that cannot be applied to a transient object include flushing and locking.

    Action: Avoid performing such operations on a transient object.

ORA-21709 cannot refresh an object that has been modified

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh an object that has been marked for delete, update or insert (new).

    Action: Unmark the object before refreshing it.

ORA-21710 argument is expecting a valid memory address of an object

    Cause: The object memory address that is supplied by the user is invalid. The user may have passed in a bad memory address to a function that is expecting a valid memory address of an object.

    Action: Pass in a valid memory address of an object to the function.

ORA-21779 duration not active

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a duration that has been terminated.

    Action: Avoid performing such operation.

ORA-22053 overflow error

    Cause: This operation's result is above the range of Oracle number.

    Action: Decrease the input value(s) so that the result is in the range of Oracle number.

ORA-22054 underflow error

    Cause: This operation's result is below the range of Oracle number.

    Action: Increase the input value(s) so that the result is in the range of Oracle number.

ORA-22055 unknown sign flag value [string]

    Cause: Signed flag used is not OCI_NUMBER_SIGNED or OCI_NUMBER_UNSIGNED.

    Action: Use either OCI_NUMBER_SIGNED or OCI_NUMBER_UNSIGNED as sign flag.

ORA-22056 value [string] is divided by zero

    Cause: Given value is divided by zero.

    Action: Modify divisor value to be non-zero.

ORA-22057 bad integer length [string]

    Cause: The length of the integer (that is, number of bytes) to be converted to or from an Oracle number is invalid.

    Action: Use integer length 1, 2, 4 or 8 bytes only.

ORA-22059 buffer size [string] is too small - [string] is needed

    Cause: The buffer to hold the resulting text string is too small.

    Action: Provide a buffer of the required size.

ORA-22060 argument [string] is an invalid or uninitialized number

    Cause: An invalid or uninitialized number was passed in.

    Action: Use a valid number. To initialize a number, call OCINumberSetZero().

ORA-22061 invalid format text [string]

    Cause: The numeric format string for converting characters to or from an Oracle number is invalid.

    Action: Use valid format string as documented in the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide.

ORA-22062 invalid input string [string]

    Cause: The text string for converting to numbers is invalid.

    Action: Use a valid input string as documented in the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide.

ORA-22063 reading negative value [string] as unsigned

    Cause: An attempt was made to convert a negative number to an unsigned integer.

    Action: Use the sign flag ORLTSB to convert a signed number.

ORA-22064 invalid NLS parameter string [string]

    Cause: The NLS parameter string for converting characters to or from an Oracle number is invalid.

    Action: Use valid format string as documented in the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide.

ORA-22065 number to text translation for the given format causes overflow

    Cause: Rounding done due to the given string format causes overflow.

    Action: Change the string format such that overflow does not occur.

ORA-22130 buffer size [string] is less than the required size [string]

    Cause: The size of the buffer into which the hexadecimal REF string is to be written is too small.

    Action: Provide a buffer of the required size.

ORA-22131 hexadecimal string length is zero

    Cause: The given hexadecimal string length must be greater than zero.

    Action: Specify a length greater than zero.

ORA-22132 hexadecimal string does not correspond to a valid REF

    Cause: The given hexadecimal string is invalid.

    Action: Provide a valid hexadecimal string which was previously returned by a call to OCIRefToHex().

ORA-22140 given size [string] must be in the range of 0 to [string]

    Cause: The given resize size is invalid.

    Action: Ensure that the given size is in the required range.

ORA-22150 variable-length array has not been initialized

    Cause: An un-initialized variable-length array is being operated upon.

    Action: Initialize the variable-length array prior to calling this function.

ORA-22151 cannot resize non-zero variable-length array to zero elements

    Cause: An attempt was made to resize a non-zero variable-length array to 0 elements.

    Action: Specify a non-zero size.

ORA-22152 destination variable-length array is not initialized

    Cause: The variable-length array on the right-hand-side of an assignment or the destination array of an append is not initialized.

    Action: Initialize the destination variable-length array prior to calling this function.

ORA-22153 source variable-length array is not initialized

    Cause: The variable-length array on the left-hand-side of an assignment or the source array of an append is not initialized.

    Action: Initialize the destination variable-length array prior to calling this function.

ORA-22160 element at index [string] does not exist

    Cause: Collection element at the given index does not exist.

    Action: Specify the index of an element which exists.

ORA-22161 type code [string] is not valid

    Cause: Given type code is not valid.

    Action: Use one of the type codes enumerated in OCITypeCode.

ORA-22162 element at index [string] has been previously deleted

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a non-existent collection element.

    Action: Check for the existence of the element prior to calling this function.

ORA-22163 left hand and right hand side collections are not of same type

    Cause: Left hand and right side collections are not of same type.

    Action: Ensure that the same collection type is passed for both left hand and right hand side of this function.

ORA-22164 delete element operation is not allowed for variable-length array

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete an element of a variable-length array.

    Action: Ensure that the collection is not a variable-length array prior to calling this function.

ORA-22165 given index [string] must be in the range of 0 to [string]

    Cause: Given index is not in the required range.

    Action: Ensure that the given index is in the required range.

ORA-22166 collection is empty

    Cause: Given collection is empty.

    Action: Test if collection is empty prior to invoking this function.

ORA-22167 given trim size [string] must be less than or equal to [string]

    Cause: Given trim size is greater than the current collection size.

    Action: Ensure that the given size is less than or equal to the collection size prior to calling this function.

ORA-22275 invalid LOB locator specified

    Cause: There are several causes:

       1. The LOB locator was never initialized
       2. The locator is for a BFILE and the routine expects a BLOB/CLOB/NCLOB locator
       3. The locator is for a BLOB/CLOB/NCLOB and the routine expects a BFILE locator
       4. Trying to update the LOB in a trigger body -- LOBs in trigger bodies are read-only
       5. The locator is for a BFILE/BLOB and the routine expects a CLOB/NCLOB locator
       6. The locator is for a CLOB/NCLOB and the routine expects a BFILE/BLOB locator

    Action: For (1), initialize the LOB locator by selecting into the locator variable or by setting the LOB locator to empty. For (2),(3), (5), and (6),pass the correct type of locator into the routine. For (4), remove the trigger body code that updates the LOB value.

ORA-22276 invalid locator for LOB buffering

    Cause: One of the following:

       1. The locator was never enabled for buffering.
       2. It is not an updated locator but is being used for a write/flush operation.

    Action: For (1) enable the locator for buffering; (2) ensure that only an updated locator is used for a LOB update operation.

ORA-22277 cannot use two different locators to modify the same LOB

    Cause: LOB buffering is enabled and an attempt was made to modify the LOB using two different LOB locators.

    Action: When using LOB buffering, modify the LOB through one LOB locator only.

ORA-22278 must update the LOB only through the LOB buffers

    Cause: LOB buffering is enabled for this LOB and there are buffers for this LOB in the buffer pool. Thus, updating the LOB through means other than the LOB buffers is not allowed.

    Action: Update the LOB through the LOB buffers using the locator that has LOB buffering enabled. If this operation is required, buffers associated with this LOB should either be flushed as necessary or buffering should be disabled. Once this is done, reissue the command.

ORA-22279 cannot perform operation with LOB buffering enabled

    Cause: The operation attempted is not allowed when LOB buffering is enabled.

    Action: If the operation is required, LOB buffering should not be used. In this case, flush buffers associated with the input LOB locator as necessary, disable buffering on the input LOB locator and reissue the command.

ORA-22280 no more buffers available for operation

    Cause: One of the following:

       1. All buffers in the buffer pool have been used up by previous operations.
       2. An attempt was made to flush a LOB without any previous buffered update operations.

    Action: For (1), flush the LOB(s) through the locator that is being used to update the LOB. For (2), write to the LOB through a locator enabled for buffering before attempting to flush buffers.

ORA-22281 cannot perform operation with an updated locator

    Cause: The input locator has buffering enabled and was used to update the LOB value through the LOB buffering subsystem. The modified buffer has not been flushed since the write that was performed by the input locator; thus, the input locator is considered an updated locator. Updated locators cannot be the source of a copy operation. Only one locator per LOB may be used to modify the LOB value through the LOB buffering subsystem.

    Action: Depending on whether the modifications made through the input locator to the LOB buffering subsystem should be written to the server, either flush the buffer to write the modifications, or, disable buffering on the locator to discard the modifications. Then, reissue the command.

ORA-22282 non-contiguous append to a buffering enabled LOB not allowed

    Cause: The buffered write operation has an input offset value more than one byte or character past the end of the LOB.

    Action: Specify an input offset value which is exactly one character or byte greater than the length of the LOB that you are attempting to update through a buffered write operation.

ORA-22283 filename contains characters that refer to parent directory

    Cause: Filename contains a path "../" which references a parent directory.

    Action: Ensure that the filename does not contain characters which reference a parent directory.

ORA-22285 non-existent directory or file for string operation

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a directory that does not exist, or attempted to access a file in a directory that does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that a system object corresponding to the specified directory exists in the database dictionary, or make sure the name is correct.

ORA-22286 insufficient privileges on file or directory to perform string operation

    Cause: The user does not have the necessary access privileges on the directory alias and/or the file for the operation.

    Action: Ask the database/system administrator to grant the required privileges on the directory alias and/or the file.

ORA-22287 invalid or modified directory occurred during string operation

    Cause: The directory alias used for the current operation is not valid if being accessed for the first time, or has been modified by the database administrator since the last access.

    Action: If you are accessing this directory for the first time, provide a valid directory name. If you have been already successful in opening a file under this directory before this error occurred, then close the file and retry the operation with a valid directory alias as modified by your database administrator. Oracle recommends that directories should be modified only during quiescent periods.

ORA-22288 file or LOB operation string failed string

    Cause: The operation attempted on the file or LOB failed.

    Action: See the next error message in the error stack for more detailed information. Also, verify that the file or LOB exists and that the necessary privileges are set for the specified operation. If the error still persists, report the error to the database administrator.

ORA-22289 cannot perform string operation on an unopened file or LOB

    Cause: The file or LOB is not open for the required operation to be performed.

    Action: Precede the current operation with a successful open operation on the file or LOB.

ORA-22290 operation would exceed the maximum number of opened files or LOBs

    Cause: The number of open files or LOBs has reached the maximum limit.

    Action: Close some of the opened files or LOBs and retry the operation.

ORA-22291 Open LOBs exist at transaction commit time

    Cause: An attempt was made to commit a transaction with open LOBs at transaction commit time.

    Action: Close the LOBs before committing the transaction.

ORA-22292 Cannot open a LOB in read-write mode without a transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a LOB in read-write mode before a transaction was started.

    Action: Start a transaction before opening the LOB in read-write mode. Ways to start a transaction include issuing a SQL DML or SELECT FOR UPDATE command. Opening the LOB in read-only mode does not require a transaction.

ORA-22293 LOB already opened in the same transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a LOB that already is open in this transaction.

    Action: Close the LOB before attempting to reopen it.

ORA-22294 cannot update a LOB opened in read-only mode

    Cause: An attempt was made to write to or update a LOB opened in read-only mode.

    Action: Close the LOB and reopen it in read-write mode before attempting to write to or update the LOB.

ORA-22295 cannot bind more than 4000 bytes data to LOB and LONG columns in 1 statement

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind more than 4000 bytes of data to both LOB and LONG columns in the same insert or update statement. You can bind more than 4000 bytes of data to either a LONG column or one or more LOB columns, but not both.

    Action: Bind more than 4000 bytes of data to either the LONG column or one or more LOB columns, but not both.

ORA-22296 invalid ALTER TABLE option for conversion of LONG datatype to LOB

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify ALTER TABLE options which are disallowed during conversion of LONG datatype to LOB. The only ALTER TABLE options allowed during conversion of LONG datatype to LOB are the default clause and LOB storage clause for the column being converted to LOB.

    Action: Remove the disallowed options.

ORA-22297 warning: Open LOBs exist at transaction commit time

    Cause: An attempt was made to commit a transaction with open LOBs at transaction commit time.

    Action: This is just a warning. The transaction was commited successfully, but any domain or functional indexes on the open LOBs were not updated. You may want to rebuild those indexes.

ORA-22303 type "string"."string" not found

    Cause: An attempt was made to obtain information for a type that cannot be found.

    Action: Check that the schema is correct and that the type has been created correctly.

ORA-22304 input type is not an object type

    Cause: An attempt was made to obtain the supertype information for a non-object type.

    Action: Pass in only an object type.

ORA-22305 attribute/method/parameter "string" not found

    Cause: Type element with the given name is not found in the type.

    Action: Check to make sure that the type element exists.

ORA-22306 type "string"."string" already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a type that already exists.

    Action: Check to make sure that the type has not been created prior to this.

ORA-22307 operation must be on a user-defined type

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation that is allowed only on a user-defined type, and the type is not a user-defined type.

    Action: Check to make sure that only user-defined types are being operated on.

ORA-22308 operation not allowed on evolved type

    Cause: An attempt was made to replace a type whose attribute definition has been altered.

    Action: Submit ALTER TYPE ADD/DROP statement instead of ALTER TYPE REPLACE.

ORA-22309 attribute with name "string" already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object type where more than one attributes have the same name.

    Action: Check to make sure that all attribute names are unique.

ORA-22310 ALTER TYPE error. Refer to table "string"."string" for errors

    Cause: An invalid alter type statement was submitted.

    Action: Correct the errors listed in the specified table and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22311 type for attribute "string" does not exist

    Cause: The type of the attribute does not exist.

    Action: No types were created/modified for this DDL transaction. Redo the DDL transaction and add the creation of the attribute's type in the DDL transaction.

ORA-22312 must specify either CASCADE or INVALIDATE option

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a type which has a dependent type or table without specifying the CASCADE or INVALIDATE option.

    Action: Resubmit the statement with either the CASCADE or INVALIDATE option. Specify CASCADE if you want to cascade the type change to dependent types and tables; otherwise, specify INVALIDATE to invalidate all dependents.

ORA-22313 cannot use two versions of the same type "string"

    Cause: The version of this type conflicts with the version of this type used by another library that was linked in with the application. An application may only use one version of a type.

    Action: Check that the libraries being linked with this application and use the same versions of the type.

ORA-22314 method information mismatch in ALTER TYPE

    Cause: The number of methods or the method signature do not match that of the original type declaration. This is not supported.

    Action: Make sure the method signature stay identical for the previously declared method. Do not drop existing methods.

ORA-22315 type "string" does not contain a map or order function

    Cause: The input type does not contain a map or order function so one cannot be returned.

    Action: Add a map or order function to the type or catch this error.

ORA-22316 input type is not a collection type

    Cause: An attempt was made to obtain information for collection types on a non-named collection type.

    Action: Use a named collection type for the function.

ORA-22317 typecode number is not legal as a number type

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a number type code that is not valid.

    Action: Use only OCI_TYPECODE_SMALLINT, OCI_TYPECODE_INTEGER, OCI_TYPECODE_REAL, OCI_TYPECODE_DOUBLE, OCI_TYPECODE_FLOAT, OCI_TYPECODE_NUMBER, or OCI_TYPECODE_DECIMAL.

ORA-22318 input type is not an array type

    Cause: An attempt was made to obtain the number of elements for a non-array type.

    Action: Pass in only a named collection type which is an array.

ORA-22319 type attribute information altered in ALTER TYPE

    Cause: The type attribute information does not match that of the original type declaration when altering type. Attributes cannot be altered during ALTER TYPE. Only new methods can be added.

    Action: Check that all type alterations are legal.

ORA-22320 missing user version string

    Cause: The VERSION option is specified without a user version string.

    Action: Resubmit the statement with the version string following the VERSION keyword.

ORA-22321 method does not return any result

    Cause: OCITypeResult() was called on a method that does not return any results.

    Action: Check that you are passing in the correct method descriptor, or that your method creation was done correctly.

ORA-22322 error table "string"."string" has incorrect structure

    Cause: The specified error table does not have the expected table structure.

    Action: Execute the DBMS_UTILITY.CREATE_ALTER_TYPE_ERROR_TABLE procedure to create an error table, then resubmit the statement using the new error table.

ORA-22323 error table "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: The error table does not exist.

    Action: Resubmit the statement with a correct error table name.

ORA-22324 altered type has compilation errors

    Cause: The use of the ALTER TYPE statement caused a compilation error.

    Action: Correct the error reported and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22326 cannot change a type to FINAL if it has subtypes

    Cause: An attempt was made to change a type with subtypes to FINAL.

    Action: Drop all subtypes of the target type before changing it to FINAL.

ORA-22327 cannot change a type to NOT INSTANTIABLE if it has dependent tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to change a type with dependent tables to NOT INSTANTIABLE.

    Action: Drop all dependent tables of the target type and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22328 object "string"."string" has errors. string

    Cause: Altering the target type causes errors in its dependent object.

    Action: Correct the problem in the dependent object and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22329 cannot alter a non-object type

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute ALTER TYPE on a non-object type.

    Action: Drop the non-object type first, then re-create it as an object type.

ORA-22330 cannot alter a type that is not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform ALTER TYPE on an invalid type.

    Action: Use the CREATE OR REPLACE TYPE command to modify the type.

ORA-22331 cannot alter an incomplete type

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform ALTER TYPE on an incomplete type.

    Action: Use CREATE TYPE to completely define the original type before executing the ALTER TYPE.

ORA-22332 a dependent object in schema "string" has errors. string

    Cause: Altering the target type causes errors in its dependent object.

    Action: Correct the problem in the dependent object and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22333 cannot reset type "string"."string" due to invalid dependent types and tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to reset the type version with invalid dependent types and tables.

    Action: Use the ALTER TYPE COMPILE statement to compile all invalid dependent types and use the ALTER TABLE UPGRADE INCLUDING DATA statement to upgrade all the dependent tables, then resubmit the statement.

ORA-22334 cannot reset type "string"."string". Dependent tables must be upgraded to latest version.

    Cause: An attempt was made to reset the type version when the data in the dependent table has not been upgraded to the latest type version.

    Action: Use the ALTER TABLE UPGRADE INCLUDING DATA statement to upgrade the data in the dependent tables then resubmit the statement.

ORA-22335 The client cannot work with an altered type

    Cause: A pre 9.0.0 client has requested a type that has been altered on the server.

    Action: Only 9.0.0 and higher clients can access altered types.

ORA-22336 table contained 8.0 image format, must specify INCLUDING DATA

    Cause: One of the following:

       1. An attempt was made to alter a type with a dependent table in 8.0 image format and the NOT INCLUDING TABLE DATA option was specified.
       2. An attempt was made to upgrade a table in 8.0 image format with the NOT INCLUDING DATA option specified.

    Action: Resubmit the statement with the INCLUDING DATA option.

ORA-22337 the type of accessed object has been evolved

    Cause: The type of the accessed object has been altered and the client's object is based on an earlier type definition.

    Action: The user needs to exit the application and modify the application to accommodate the type change. From SQL/PLUS, reconnect and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22338 must specify CASCADE INCLUDING DATA when altering the final property

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter the final property of a type with dependent tables without specifying the CASCADE INCLUDING DATA option.

    Action: Resubmit the statement with the CASCADE INCLUDING DATA option.

ORA-22339 cannot alter to not final since its attribute column is substitutable

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a type to not final when its embedded attribute is defined as substitutable in some tables. Note, this is a restriction in 9.0 version because when a type is altered to not final, column of that type is set to not substitutable at all levels; thus, it is an error if one of its embedded attribute column is already marked substitutable.

    Action: Recreate the table and specify NOT SUBSTITUTABLE AT ALL LEVELS for all columns of non final type. Then resubmit the ALTER TYPE statement.

ORA-22340 cannot string type "string"."string". Dependent tables must be upgraded to latest version

    Cause: An attempt was made to reset the version, drop or alter a type when the data in dependent table has not been upgraded to the latest version.

    Action: Use the ALTER TABLE UPGRADE INCLUDING DATA statement to upgrade the data in the dependent tables then resubmit the statement.

ORA-22341 cannot assign supertype instance to subtype

    Cause: An attempt was made to assign or copy a supertype instance to a container (destination) that can only hold a subtype instance.

    Action: Make sure the runtime type of the source of the assignment or copy is the same type as the destination or is a subtype of the destination type.

ORA-22342 dependent VARRAY column exceeds the maximum inline column size

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a type (add or modify attribute) which causes the size of its dependent VARRAY column to exceed the maximum inline column size. However, the VARRAY column was not specified to be stored as LOB at the table level when the table was created.

    Action: Specify the VARRAY column to be stored as LOB at the table level when the table is created.

ORA-22343 Compilation error for type invalidated by ALTER TYPE

    Cause: Compilation failed for a type which was invalidated by ALTER TYPE.

    Action: Check what is causing the compilation error, correct it, and try again.

ORA-22344 can not specify CONVERT TO SUBSTITUTABLE option for ALTER TYPE other than NOT FINAL change

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify CONVERT TO SUBSTITUTABLE option for ALTER TYPE other than NOT FINAL change.

    Action: Specify CONVERT TO SUBSTITUTABLE option only for ALTER TYPE NOT FINAL change.

ORA-22345 recompile type string.string before attempting this operation

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation which requires the specified datatype to be valid, but the datatype is invalid.

    Action: Recompile the specified type and retry the operation.

ORA-22369 invalid parameter encountered in method string

    Cause: An invalid parameter is being passed to this method of SYS.AnyType, SYS.AnyData, or SYS.AnyDataSet.

    Action: Check the parameters being passed to this method and make sure that the parameters are allowed.

ORA-22370 incorrect usage of method string

    Cause: This method of SYS.AnyType, SYS.AnyData, or SYS.AnyDataSet is being used inappropriately.

    Action: Check the documentation for correct usage.

ORA-22371 Table contains data of type string.string, version string, which does not exist

    Cause: Some of the older versions of the type may have been deleted because one or more of the referenced types was dropped.

    Action: These data could not be read as the whole ADT. Read the data at individual scalar attribute level.

ORA-22600 encountered 8.0.2 (Beta) VARRAY data that cannot be processed

    Cause: Production Oracle8 (8.0.3 and beyond) encountered some VARRAY data which was created and stored by Oracle8 8.0.2 (Beta 2). Production Oracle8 cannot understand or process such VARRAY data.

    Action: Delete the VARRAY data from the table by dropping the table, deleting the rows, or nulling out the VARRAY columns, and then reinsert the VARRAY data. There is no provided script or tool to help automate this conversion.

ORA-22601 pickler TDS context [string] is not initialized

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the pickler TDS context without initializing it.

    Action: Use OCIPicklerTdsCtxInit to initialize the context.

ORA-22602 pickler TDS handle [string] is not well-formed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the pickler TDS handle without initializing or constructing it.

    Action: Use OCIPicklerTdsInit to initialize the handle before it is constructed. Use OCIPicklerTdsGenerate to generate the TDS before its attributes can be accessed.

ORA-22603 cannot add an attribute to the already generated TDS handle

    Cause: An attempt was made to add an attribute to the already constructed TDS.

    Action: Use a TDS handle that is initialized but not yet constructed.

ORA-22604 TDS handle already generated

    Cause: An attempt was made to generate TDS that is already generated.

    Action: Use a TDS handle that is initialized but not yet generated.

ORA-22605 FDO handle [string] is not initialized

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an uninitialized FDO handle.

    Action: Use OCIPicklerFdoInit to initialize FDO handle.

ORA-22606 pickler image handle [string] is not well-formed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the image handle without initializing/ constructing it.

    Action: Use OCIPicklerImageInit to initialize the handle before it is constructed. Use OCIPicklerImageGenerate to generate the image before its attributes can be accessed.

ORA-22607 image handle already generated

    Cause: An attempt was made to generate image that is already generated.

    Action: Use a image handle that is initialized but not yet generated.

ORA-22608 cannot add an attribute to the already generated image handle

    Cause: An attempt was made to add an attribute to the already constructed image.

    Action: Use a image handle that is initialized but not yet constructed.

ORA-22609 error string during initialization of FDO

    Cause: An error occurred during FDO initialization.

    Action: Take an action based on the specified error.

ORA-22610 error while adding a scalar to the image handle

    Cause: An error occurred while adding a scalar attribute to the image handle.

    Action: Make sure image handle is initialized before adding scalar.

ORA-22611 TDS version is not recognized

    Cause: Incorrect TDS handle is passed.

    Action: Make sure image handle is initialized with the correct TDS.

ORA-22612 TDS does not describe a collection TDS

    Cause: Collection construct/access routines are being on an image but the TDS does not describe that a collection TDS.

    Action: Make sure a collection TDS is used before invoking collection routines on the image handle.

ORA-22613 buflen does not match the size of the scalar

    Cause: BUFLEN is incorrect.

    Action: Make sure BUFLEN is correct and matches the size of the scalar.

ORA-22614 error while construction the collection in the image

    Cause: An error occurred during the construction of collection.

    Action: Make sure image handle is initialized and OCIPicklerImageCollBegin is called to begin collection.

ORA-22615 attribute is not a collection

    Cause: Collection routine is invoked upon a non-collection attribute.

    Action: Make sure attribute is a collection.

ORA-22616 image is not of Oracle 8.1 format

    Cause: The function being invoked is applicable only for 8.1 images.

    Action: Make sure image is of 8.1 format.

ORA-22617 error while accessing the image handle collection

    Cause: An error occurred while accessing collection in the image handle.

    Action: Make sure image is initialized correctly and the collection is constructed properly.

ORA-22618 attribute is a BAD NULL in the image handle

    Cause: The attribute in question is probably the attribute of a null embedded image.

    Action: Make sure attribute number is valid or it is NULL or NOT NULL.

ORA-22619 all collection elements have already been accessed

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a collection element after all the collection elements are already accessed.

    Action: This function should not be invoked any more.

ORA-22620 buffer size too small to hold the value

    Cause: Buffer size is not enough to hold the value. Most likely while doing the character set conversion, a bigger buffer is needed.

    Action: Pass in a bigger buffer. If the client character set format differs from that of server, doing the conversion may result in 4X expansion.

ORA-22621 error transfering an object from the agent

    Cause: An error was returned from the pickler routines on the agent side.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-22625 OCIAnyData is not well-formed

    Cause: Attempt to use the OCIAnyData without initializing constructing it.

    Action: Use OCIAnyDataBeginConstruct to initialize the handle before it is adding attributes. Use OCIAnyDataEndConstruct to complete the construction. Or use OCIAnyDataConvert to do the construction. MAke sure it is properly constructed before accessing attributes.

ORA-22626 Type Mismatch while constructing or accessing OCIAnyData

    Cause: Type supplied is not matching the type of the AnyData. If piece wise construction or access is being attempted, the type supplied is not matching the type of the current attribute.

    Action: Make sure the type supplied matches the type of object to be constructed or accessed.

ORA-22627 tc [string] must be that of object/varray/nested table

    Cause: Type code is not that of object/varray/nested table

    Action: Make sure the type code is OCI_TYPECODE_OBJECT, OCI_TYPECODE_VARRAY, or OCI_TYPECODE_TABLE

ORA-22628 OCIAnyData already constructed

    Cause: Attempt to add attributes to OCIAnyData that is already constructed.

    Action: Use the OCIAnyData that is initialized but not yet constructed.

ORA-22629 OCIAnyData is null

    Cause: Attempting an operation that is not valid on null OCIAnyData.

    Action: Make sure OCIAnyData is not null.

ORA-22630 attribute [string] is null or it is not well-formed

    Cause: Passing an attribute that is null or not well-formed.

    Action: Make sure the attribute is not null or is well-formed.

ORA-22631 attribute [string] is is not well-formed or does not match the type

    Cause: Passing an attribute that is not well-formed or does not match the input type.

    Action: Make sure the attribute is well-formed and matches the type specified.

ORA-22632 AnyDataSet parameter is not valid for the current operation

    Cause: The AnyDataSet parameter is null or invalid for the current operation.

    Action: Check the documentation for the current operation.

ORA-22633 Error freeing AnyDataSet

    Cause: AnyDataSet that is passed in may not be valid.

    Action: Check all the AnyDataSet parameters.

ORA-22634 Error adding new instance to AnyDataSet

    Cause: Current instance in the AnyDataSet has not been fully constructed.

    Action: Make sure that the current instance is fully constructed before adding new instance.

ORA-22800 invalid user-defined type

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an incomplete type as a constructor.

    Action: Complete the type definition before using it in a query.

ORA-22801 invalid object row variable

    Cause: The specified object row variable is not available in the scope of name resolution.

    Action: Verify the specified object row variable is correct, or use an object row variable visible in scope.

ORA-22803 object type contains zero attributes

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or specify a column or constructor of an object type that has no attributes. Only object types that have at least one attribute are allowed in this context.

    Action: Specify a valid object type.

ORA-22804 remote operations not permitted on object tables or user-defined type columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform queries or DML operations on remote object tables or on remote table columns whose type is one of object, REF, nested table or VARRAY.

    Action: Remove the reference to remote tables in the statement.

ORA-22805 cannot insert NULL object into object tables or nested tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a NULL object into an object table or a Nested Table.

    Action: Ensure that a non-NULL object is inserted into the table or insert an object with attributes whose values are NULL.

ORA-22806 not an object or REF

    Cause: An attempt was made to extract an attribute from an item that is neither an object nor a REF.

    Action: Use an object type or REF type item and retry the operation.

ORA-22807 cannot resolve to a scalar type or a collection type

    Cause: Invalid use of a non-scalar (for example, object type) item.

    Action: Change the item's data type and retry the operation.

ORA-22808 REF dereferencing not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to access an object type's attributes by de-referencing a REF item.

    Action: Make the item an object type instead of a REF to an object type.

ORA-22809 nonexistent attribute

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a non-existent attribute of an object type.

    Action: Check the attribute reference to see if it is valid. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22810 cannot modify object attributes with REF dereferencing

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the attributes an object by de-referencing a REF column in an UPDATE statement.

    Action: Update the table containing the object that the REF points to, or change the REF column to an object type column.

ORA-22812 cannot reference nested table column's storage table

    Cause: An attempt to access the nested table column's storage table is not allowed in the given context.

    Action: Issue the statement against the parent table containing the nested table column.

ORA-22813 operand value exceeds system limits

    Cause: Object or Collection value was too large. The size of the value might have exceeded 30k in a SORT context, or the size might be too big for available memory.

    Action: Choose another value and retry the operation.

ORA-22814 attribute or element value is larger than specified in type

    Cause: Value provided for the object type attribute or collection element exceeded the size specified in the type declaration.

    Action: Choose another value and retry the operation.

ORA-22816 unsupported feature with RETURNING clause

    Cause: RETURNING clause is currently not supported for object type columns, LONG columns, remote tables, INSERT with subquery, and dereferencing inside returning clause.

    Action: Use separate SELECT statements to get the values.

ORA-22817 subquery not allowed in the default clause

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a subquery in the column default clause expression.

    Action: Remove the subquery from the default clause.

ORA-22818 subquery expressions not allowed here

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a subquery expression where these are not supported.

    Action: Rewrite the statement without the subquery expression.

ORA-22819 scope of input value does not correspond to the scope of the target

    Cause: An attempt was made to operate on a REF value scoped to a different table than the expected one.

    Action: Use a REF which is scoped to the expected table and retry the operation.

ORA-22826 cannot construct an instance of a non instantiable type

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a non instantiable type as a constructor.

    Action: None.

ORA-22828 input pattern or replacement parameters exceed 32K size limit

    Cause: Value provided for the pattern or replacement string in the form of VARCHAR2 or CLOB for LOB SQL functions exceeded the 32K size limit.

    Action: Use a shorter pattern or process a long pattern string in multiple passes.

ORA-22850 duplicate LOB storage option specificed

    Cause: A LOB storage option (CHUNK, PCTVERSION, CACHE, NOCACHE, TABLESPACE, STORAGE, INDEX) was specified more than once.

    Action: Specify all LOB storage options only once.

ORA-22851 invalid CHUNK LOB storage option value

    Cause: The specified CHUNK LOB storage option value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value and retry the operation.

ORA-22852 invalid PCTVERSION LOB storage option value

    Cause: The specified PCTVERSION LOB storage option value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value and retry the operation.

ORA-22853 invalid LOB storage option specification

    Cause: A LOB storage option was not specified.

    Action: Specify one of CHUNK, PCTVERSION, CACHE, NOCACHE, TABLESPACE, STORAGE, INDEX as part of the LOB storage clause.

ORA-22854 invalid option for LOB storage index

    Cause: A valid LOB store index option was not specified.

    Action: Specify one of (INITTRANS, MAXTRANS, TABLESPACE, STORAGE) as part of the LOB storage index.

ORA-22855 optional name for LOB storage segment incorrectly specified

    Cause: The optional name for LOB storage segment was specified with multiple columns in the column list.

    Action: Specify each column LOB storage only with optional name(s).

ORA-22856 cannot add columns to object tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to add columns to an object table. Object tables cannot be altered to add columns since its definition is based on an object type.

    Action: Create a new type with additional attributes, and use the new type to create an object table. The new object table will have the desired columns.

ORA-22857 cannot modify columns of object tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter the object table by modifying existing columns. An object table cannot be altered to modify existing columns since it is based on an object type. The table definition must be in sync with the corresponding type.

    Action: Create a new type with the desired attribute types and use it to create an object table. The new object table will have the desired columns.

ORA-22858 invalid alteration of datatype

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the column type to object, REF, nested table, VARRAY or LOB type.

    Action: Create a new column of the desired type and copy the current column data to the new type using the appropriate type constructor.

ORA-22859 invalid modification of columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify an object, REF, VARRAY, nested table, or LOB column type.

    Action: Create a new column of the desired type and copy the current column data to the new type using the appropriate type constructor.

ORA-22860 object type expected

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object table using a non- object type, or to create a column that is a REF to a non-object type.

    Action: Use a valid object type in the table or column definition.

ORA-22861 invalid user-defined type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a column or object table of a non-existent type.

    Action: Specify a valid type in the table or column definition.

ORA-22862 specified object identifier doesn't match existing object identifier

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an object identifier for the type that does not match the existing identifier of the incomplete type of the same name.

    Action: Specify the correct object identifier or leave it out of the statement.

ORA-22863 synonym for datatype string.string not allowed

    Cause: A synonym specification for a datatype is not supported.

    Action: Do not use the synonym for the datatype.

ORA-22864 cannot ALTER or DROP LOB indexes

    Cause: An attempt was made to ALTER or DROP a LOB index.

    Action: Do not operate directly on the system-defined LOB index. Perform operations on the corresponding LOB column.

ORA-22865 more than one column specified

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify multiple columns where only one is allowed.

    Action: Specify a single column and retry the operation.

ORA-22866 default character set is of varying width

    Cause: A character LOB was defined but the default character set is not fixed width.

    Action: Ensure that the character set is of fixed width before defining character LOBs.

ORA-22868 table with LOBs contains segments in different tablespaces

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains the segment(s) for the LOB columns of a table but does not contain the table segment.

    Action: Find table(s) with LOB columns which have non-table segments in this tablespace. Drop these tables and reissue drop tablespace.

ORA-22869 depth of type dependency hierarchy exceeds maximum limit

    Cause: The type dependency hierarchy was structured to have depth greater than 1024.

    Action: Restructure the type dependency hierarchy to a shorter depth.

ORA-22870 ALTER TYPE with REPLACE option a non-object type

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform ALTER TYPE with REPLACE option a non-object type.

    Action: Drop the non-object type first, then re-create it as an object type.

ORA-22871 ALTER TYPE with REPLACE is not allowed for pure incomplete types

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform ALTER TYPE with REPLACE option for a pure incomplete type.

    Action: Completely define the original type, before using the ALTER TYPE with REPLACE option.

ORA-22872 OID INDEX clause not allowed on tables with primary key based object identifiers

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an OID INDEX on a table with primary key-based object identifiers.

    Action: Remove the OID INDEX clause.

ORA-22873 primary key not specified for primary key based object table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a primary key based object table without specifying a primary key.

    Action: Specify a primary key and retry the operation.

ORA-22874 attribute "string" is not part of the type "string"

    Cause: Attribute specified in the USER_DEFINED clause is not an attribute of the REF type.

    Action: Ensure that the name specified in the USER_DEFINED clause is the name of a valid attribute of the REF type.

ORA-22875 cannot drop primary key of an object table whose object identifier is primary key based

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop the primary key of an object table which has a primary key based object identifier.

    Action: Remove the drop primary key clause.

ORA-22876 this user-defined type is not allowed or it cannot be used in this context

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a kind of user-defined type which is not allowed, or an attempt to create table columns or use default constructor with a type on which these are not supported.

    Action: Ensure that the type is permitted in this context.

ORA-22877 invalid option specified for a HASH partition or subpartition of a LOB column

    Cause: One or more invalid options were encountered while parsing the physical attributes of a LOB partition or subpartition. Either the LOB partition is in a table partitioned using the HASH method, or the LOB subpartition is in a table subpartitioned using the HASH method. TABLESPACE is the only valid option for a HASH partition or subpartition.

    Action: Remove the invalid option(s).

ORA-22878 duplicate LOB partition or subpartition specified

    Cause: An attempt was made was made to specify a partition or subpartition that has already been specified for the LOB column.

    Action: Remove the duplicate specification.

ORA-22879 cannot use the LOB INDEX clause for partitioned tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a LOB INDEX clause in a CREATE TABLE or ALTER TABLE statement for a partitioned table.

    Action: Remove the LOB INDEX clause.

ORA-22880 invalid REF

    Cause: An invalid REF was accessed.

    Action: Modify the REF and retry the operation.

ORA-22881 dangling REF

    Cause: The object corresponding to the REF that was accessed does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the REF value is pointing to an existing object.

ORA-22882 object creation failed

    Cause: The object cannot be created in the database.

    Action: Check to see if the object table exists and the object size is not too big. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22883 object deletion failed

    Cause: The object could not be deleted from the database.

    Action: Check to see if the object table exists. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22884 object modification failed

    Cause: The object could not be modified in the database.

    Action: Check to see if the object table exists and the object size is not too big. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22885 cannot get REF to a non-persistent object

    Cause: An attempt was made to get a REF for something other than an object in an object table. REFs can only be taken for objects in object tables.

    Action: Rewrite the query to obtain REF values from object tables.

ORA-22886 scoped table "string" in schema "string" is not an object table

    Cause: The scoped table specified for a REF column is not an object table.

    Action: Ensure that the scoped table is an object table. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22887 type of REF column is not the same as that of its scoped table

    Cause: The type specified for the REF column and the type specified for the scope table are different.

    Action: Ensure that the types of a REF column and its scoped table are the same.

ORA-22888 duplicate SCOPE clauses for a REF column

    Cause: Multiple SCOPE clauses were specified for a single REF column.

    Action: Remove the duplicate SCOPE clauses and retry the operation.

ORA-22889 REF value does not point to scoped table

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a REF value that does not point to the scoped table.

    Action: Ensure that the REF values point to the scoped table.

ORA-22890 cannot specify name for REF column constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a constraint name for a constraint on a REF column.

    Action: Remove the constraint name and retry the operation.

ORA-22891 cannot have multiple columns in REF constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify multiple columns in a single REF constraint.

    Action: Specify separate constraints for each column and retry the operation.

ORA-22892 scoped table "string" does not exist in schema "string"

    Cause: The scoped table specified for a REF column does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the scoped table exists and retry the operation.

ORA-22893 constraint can be specified only for REF columns

    Cause: The constraint specified does not apply to non-REF columns.

    Action: Remove the constraint and retry the operation.

ORA-22894 cannot add constraint on existing unscoped REF columns of non-empty tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a constraint to existing unscoped REF columns of a table which contains one or more rows.

    Action: Remove the constraint specification or add the constraint after emptying the table.

ORA-22895 referenced table "string" in schema "string" is not an object table

    Cause: The referenced table specified for a REF column is not an object table.

    Action: Ensure that the referenced table is an object table. Then retry the operation.

ORA-22896 cannot have both scope and referential constraint on REF column "string"

    Cause: REF column has both a referential and a scope constraint. A referential constraint implies a scope constraint.

    Action: Remove either the referential or scope constraint and then retry the operation.

ORA-22897 no scope clause specified for user-defined REF column "string"

    Cause: User-defined REF column does not have a scope constraint.

    Action: Specify a scope constraint for the user-defined REF column and retry the operation.

ORA-22898 existing scope clause on "string" points to a table other than the one mentioned in the referential constraint

    Cause: Table mentioned in the referential integrity constraint is different from the scope table of the REF column.

    Action: Specify the scope table of the REF column in the referential integrity constraint and then retry the operation.

ORA-22899 cannot specify both scope and rowid constraint on ref column

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify both a scope and a ROWID constraint on a REF column.

    Action: Remove either the ROWID or scope constraint and then retry the operation.

ORA-22900 the SELECT list item of THE subquery is not a collection type

    Cause: The THE subquery must SELECT a nested table or VARRAY item.

    Action: Change the subquery to SELECT a nested table or VARRAY item.

ORA-22901 cannot compare nested table or VARRAY or LOB attributes of an object type

    Cause: Comparison of nested table or VARRAY or LOB attributes of an object type was attempted in the absence of a MAP or ORDER method.

    Action: Define a MAP or ORDER method for the object type.

ORA-22902 CURSOR expression not allowed

    Cause: CURSOR on a subquery is allowed only in the top-level SELECT list of a query.

    Action: Remove the CURSOR expression and retry the operation.

ORA-22903 MULTISET expression not allowed

    Cause: MULTISET expressions are allowed only inside a CAST to a nested table or VARRAY type.

    Action: put the MULTISET (subquery) expression inside a CAST to a nested table or VARRAY type.

ORA-22904 invalid reference to a nested table column

    Cause: An invalid reference was made to a nested table column.

    Action: Remove invalid reference to the nested table column and retry the operation.

ORA-22905 cannot access rows from a non-nested table item

    Cause: An attempt was made to access rows of an item whose type is not known at parse time or that is not of a nested table type.

    Action: Use CAST to cast the item to a nested table type.

ORA-22906 cannot perform DML on expression or on nested table view column

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform a DML on an expression or on a nested table view column where a nested table column of a base table is expected.

    Action: Only nested table column of a base table is allowed in the DML.

ORA-22907 invalid CAST to a type that is not a nested table or VARRAY

    Cause: An attempt was made to CAST to a type that is not a nested table or VARRAY.

    Action: Respecify CAST to a nested table or VARRAY type.

ORA-22908 reference to NULL table value

    Cause: The evaluation of the THE subquery or nested table column resulted in a NULL value implying a NULL table instance. The THE subquery or nested table column must identify a single non-NULL table instance.

    Action: Ensure that the evaluation of the THE subquery or nested table column results in a single non-null table instance. If happening in the context of an INSERT statement where the THE subquery is the target of an insert, then ensure that an empty nested table instance is created by updating the nested table column of the parent table's row specifying an empty nested table constructor.

ORA-22909 exceeded maximum VARRAY limit

    Cause: The total number of elements used in VARRAY construction exceeds the specified VARRAY limit.

    Action: Do not use the more than the specified limit of elements for VARRAY construction.

ORA-22910 cannot specify schema name for nested tables

    Cause: Table name was qualified with schema name in the nested table column's (or attribute's) storage clause.

    Action: Respecify the nested table item's storage clause without the schema name qualification. By default, the storage table for the nested table item is created in the same schema as the containing table.

ORA-22911 duplicate storage specification for the nested table item

    Cause: The storage clause is specified more than once for the NESTED TABLE column.

    Action: Remove the duplicate storage specification.

ORA-22912 specified column or attribute is not a nested table type

    Cause: The storage clause is specified for a column or attribute that is not a nested table column or attribute.

    Action: Specify a valid nested table column or attribute.

ORA-22913 must specify table name for nested table column or attribute

    Cause: The storage clause is not specified for a nested table column or attribute.

    Action: Specify the nested table storage clause for the nested table column or attribute.

ORA-22914 DROP of nested tables not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to DROP a nested table.

    Action: Nested tables cannot be explicitly dropped. nested tables can only be dropped by dropping their containing parent table.

ORA-22915 cannot ALTER nested tables to ADD/MODIFY columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to ADD or MODIFY columns of a nested table. Columns cannot be added or modified for a nested table.

    Action: Instead, alter the parent table's nested table column to cause any such change.

ORA-22916 cannot do an exact FETCH on a query with Nested cursors

    Cause: Exact FETCH on a query was specified which is not allowed if the query returns any cursors.

    Action: Do not use an exact FETCH.

ORA-22917 use VARRAY to define the storage clause for this column or attribute

    Cause: Not using VARRAY to define storage clause for VARRAY column or attribute.

    Action: Specify VARRAY before the column storage clause and resubmit the statement.

ORA-22918 specified column or attribute is not a VARRAY type

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a VARRAY storage clause for a column or attribute which is not VARRAY type.

    Action: Specify VARRAY storage clause for a VARRAY column or attribute.

ORA-22919 dangling REF error or lock object failed for no wait request

    Cause: The error could be one of the following: the object corresponding to the REF does not exist or the object was locked by another user and the lock with nowait request failed.

    Action: Ensure that the REF value is pointing to an existing object or issue a lock request without the nowait option.

ORA-22920 row containing the LOB value is not locked

    Cause: The row containing the LOB value must be locked before updating the LOB value.

    Action: Lock the row containing the LOB value before updating the LOB value.

ORA-22921 length of input buffer is smaller than amount requested

    Cause: The buffer length is not big enough to hold the amount of data requested.

    Action: Verify that the number of bytes/characters specified in the input amount parameter is not bigger than the number of bytes specified in the input buffer length parameter. Allocate more space for the input buffer if necessary.

ORA-22922 nonexistent LOB value

    Cause: The LOB value associated with the input locator does not exist. The information in the locator does not refer to an existing LOB.

    Action: Repopulate the locator by issuing a SELECT statement and retry the operation.

ORA-22923 amount of data specified in streaming LOB write is 0

    Cause: An attempt was made to write LOB value via the streaming mechanism (that is, unlimited write) but the input amount of data to stream was specified as 0. Thus, the user is trying to write 0 bytes to the LOB value.

    Action: Write more than 0 bytes to the LOB value.

ORA-22924 snapshot too old

    Cause: The version of the LOB value needed for the consistent read was already overwritten by another writer.

    Action: Use a larger version pool.

ORA-22925 operation would exceed maximum size allowed for a LOB value

    Cause: An attempt was made to write too much data to the LOB value. LOB size is limited to 4 gigabytes.

    Action: Either start writing at a smaller LOB offset or write less data to the LOB value.

ORA-22926 specified trim length is greater than current LOB value's length

    Cause: The input length for which to trim the LOB value to is greater than the current length of the LOB value.

    Action: May not need to trim the LOB value because it's already smaller than the trim length specified. Or, if trimming the LOB value really is required, use a smaller trim length.

ORA-22927 invalid LOB locator specified

    Cause: One of the following:

       1. The LOB locator was never initialized.
       2. The locator is for a BFILE and the routine expects a BLOB/CLOB/NCLOB locator.
       3. The locator is for a BLOB/CLOB/NCLOB and the routine expects a BFILE locator.
       4. An attempt was made to update the LOB in a trigger body -- LOBs in trigger bodies are read only.

    Action: For (1), initialize the LOB locator by selecting into the locator variable or by setting the LOB locator to empty. For (2) and (3), pass the correct type of locator into the routine. For (4), remove the trigger body code that updates the LOB value.

ORA-22928 invalid privilege on directories

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke an invalid privilege on a directory.

    Action: Only CREATE, DELETE, READ and WRITE privileges can be granted or revoked on directories. Do not grant or revoke other privileges.

ORA-22929 invalid or missing directory name

    Cause: The required directory name is invalid or missing.

    Action: Specify a valid name.

ORA-22930 directory does not exist

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a directory that does not exist.

    Action: Make sure the name is correct.

ORA-22931 MOVE of nested table to a different tablespace not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to move a nested table to a different tablespace.

    Action: Nested tables always collocate in the same tablespace as the parent. A nested table can be moved to a different tablespace only by moving its containing table to the target tablespace.

ORA-22933 cannot change object with type or table dependents

    Cause: An attempt was made to replace, drop, or rename an object with type or table dependents.

    Action: Drop depending objects or use FORCE option if available.

ORA-22950 cannot ORDER objects without MAP or ORDER method

    Cause: An object type must have a MAP or ORDER method defined for all comparisons other than equality and inequality comparisons.

    Action: Define a MAP or ORDER method for the object type.

ORA-22951 NULL returned by ORDER method

    Cause: ORDER method used to compare two object values returned NULL which is not allowed.

    Action: Redefine the ORDER method to not return a NULL.

ORA-22970 name does not correspond to an object view

    Cause: Either the expression is not a view name or the name specified does not correspond to an object view.

    Action: Replace the expression with the name of an object view.

ORA-22971 invalid datatype for PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier

    Cause: When creating an object view, the datatype of an expression in the WITH OBJECT OID clause is not allowed for PRIMARY KEY-based OID.

    Action: Replace the expression with one of appropriate scalar datatype.

ORA-22972 NULL value not allowed in PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier

    Cause: A value constituting the PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier is NULL.

    Action: Ensure the expressions in MAKE_REF system function or attributes in the WITH OBJECT OID clause of an object view do not evaluate to NULL.

ORA-22973 size of object identifier exceeds maximum size allowed

    Cause: Size of the PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier of an object view exceeded the maximum size of 1000 bytes.

    Action: Specify fewer or smaller PRIMARY KEY attributes in the WITH object OID clause when creating the object view.

ORA-22974 missing WITH OBJECT OID clause

    Cause: WITH OBJECT OID clause was not specified when creating an object view.

    Action: Specify the WITH OBJECT OID clause.

ORA-22975 cannot create a PRIMARY KEY-based REF to this object view

    Cause: The object view specified in the MAKE_REF function does not have a PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier. A PRIMARY KEY-based REF cannot be created for such a view.

    Action: Specify an object view that has a PRIMARY KEY-based object identifier in the MAKE_REF function.

ORA-22976 incorrect number of arguments to MAKE_REF

    Cause: Number of arguments for MAKE_REF is different from the number of PRIMARY KEY attributes of the object view.

    Action: Specify all the necessary arguments for MAKE_REF.

ORA-22977 missing or invalid attribute

    Cause: Either the attribute name is missing in the WITH OBJECT OID clause or it is invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid attribute of the object type of the object view.

ORA-22978 only simple attribute name is allowed in the WITH OBJECT OID clause

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a Nested attribute in the WITH OBJECT OID clause.

    Action: Specify a top-level attribute of the object type of the object view.

ORA-22979 cannot INSERT object view REF or user-defined REF

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert an object view REF or user-defined REF in a REF column created to store system generated REF values.

    Action: Make sure the REF to be inserted is not from an object view or from a user-defined REF column

ORA-22980 must specify a set of attributes for the WITH OBJECT OID clause

    Cause: The WITH OBJECT OID DEFAULT clause was used, but the underlying view or table does not have a OID.

    Action: Specify attributes for the WITH OBJECT OID clause to create a primary key based object identifier for the object view.

ORA-22981 must specify a table/view having system generated OID

    Cause: The super-view is based on a table/view having the system generated OID and the sub-view must also be based on a similar table/view.

    Action: Specify a table/view having the system generated OID and retry the operation.

ORA-22982 cannot create sub-view under this view

    Cause: The view derives its OID from a table/view having primary key based OID and sub-views cannot be created under such views.

    Action: Specify a view having the system generated OID or a view created with the specification of attributes in the WITH OBJECT ID clause and retry the operation.

ORA-22983 not a user-defined REF

    Cause: Attempt to use a system generated REF value where a user-defined REF value should be used.

    Action: Make sure the REF value is user-defined.

ORA-22984 view query cannot contain references to a super view

    Cause: The query defining the view contains references to a super-view of the view being created.

    Action: Make sure that the view query does not reference a super-view.

ORA-22990 LOB locators cannot span transactions

    Cause: A LOB locator selected in one transaction cannot be used in a different transaction.

    Action: Reselect the LOB locator and retry the operation.

ORA-22991 insufficient space allocated for argument string

    Cause: The data to be returned in the argument is greater than the amount of space allocated for the argument.

    Action: Allocate more space for the argument.

ORA-22992 cannot use LOB locators selected from remote tables

    Cause: A remote LOB column cannot be referenced.

    Action: Remove references to LOBs in remote tables.

ORA-22993 specified input amount is greater than actual source amount

    Cause:

       1. For LOB write, the amount of data received is different from the amount that was indicated would be sent.
       2. For LOB copy and load from file, the end of the source LOB/FILE value was reached before the specified input amount was copied/loaded.

    Action: (1) will happen when using OCI's piecewise mechanism with polling or with a callback function. Modify the code either to send the amount specified or to pass 0 as the input amount so that any amount of data can be sent. (2) will happen if the specified input amount is too large for the source LOB/FILE given the starting source offset. Either decrease the starting source offset, or decrease the amount to copy/load.

ORA-22994 source offset is beyond the end of the source LOB

    Cause: The source offset for a LOB COPY or LOB LOADFROMFILE is beyond the end of the source LOB.

    Action: Check the length of the LOB and then adjust the source offset.

ORA-22995 TABLESPACE DEFAULT option is invalid in this context

    Cause: TABLESPACE DEFAULT option can be specified for LOB columns only in the following contexts:

        * at the table level for a partitioned table
        * at the partition level for a composite partition

    An attempt was made to use the TABLESPACE DEFAULT option in a different context.

    Action: Remove the TABLESPACE DEFAULT option.

ORA-22996 NEXT extent size is smaller than LOB chunksize

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or alter a LOB segment so that its NEXT extent size was less than the LOB chunk size.

    Action: Specify a NEXT extent size that is greater than or equal to the LOB chunk size.

ORA-22997 VARRAY | OPAQUE stored as LOB is not specified at the table level

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a VARRAY|OPAQUE column to be stored as LOB at the partition/subpartition/template level. However, the VARRAY|OPAQUE column was not specified to be stored as LOB at the table level when the table was created.

    Action: Specify the VARRAY | OPAQUE column to be stored as LOB at the table level when the table is created. Alternatively, do not specify the VARRAY | OPAQUE column to be stored as LOB at the partition/subpartition/template level if it is not specified at the table level when the table is created.

ORA-22998 CLOB or NCLOB in multibyte character set not supported

    Cause: A CLOB or NCLOB in a fixed-width or varying-width multibyte character set was passed to a SQL character function which does not support multibyte LOB data.

    Action: Use DBMS_LOB functions such as DBMS_LOB.INSTR() and DBMS_LOB.SUBSTR() or use PLSQL DBMS_LOB.READ/WRITE to access LOB data.

ORA-23290 This operation may not be combined with any other operation

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE RENAME [COLUMN | CONSTRAINT] operation was given in conjunction with another ALTER TABLE Operation. This is not allowed.

    Action: Ensure that RENAME COLUMN/RENAME CONSTRAINT is the only operation specified in the ALTER TABLE statement.

ORA-23291 Only base table columns may be renamed

    Cause: An attempt was made to rename a column of a non-base table, such as an object table, nested table, or materialized view table. This is not allowed.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-23292 The constraint does not exist

    Cause: The given constraint name does not exist.

    Action: Give an existing constraint's name.

ORA-23293 Cannot rename a column which is part of a join index

    Cause: The column participates in a join index.

    Action: If you need to rename the column, then you need to drop the join index.

ORA-23300 string

    Cause: The stored procedure RAISE_SYSTEM_ERROR was called which causes this error to be generated.

    Action: Correct the problem as described in the error message or contact the application administrator or database administrator for more information.

ORA-23301 mixed use of deferred rpc destination modes

    Cause: Replication catalog determined deferred RPC destinations were mixed with destination determined by other mechanisms in the same transaction.

    Action: Do not mix destination types in the same transaction.

ORA-23302 application raised communication failure during deferred RPC

    Cause: An application declared a communication failure during a deferred RPC.

    Action: Retry the application when communication is restored.

ORA-23303 application raised generic exception during deferred RPC

    Cause: An application declared a generic failure during a deferred RPC.

    Action: Determined by the application.

ORA-23304 malformed deferred rpc at arg string of string in call string, in tid string

    Cause: A deferred RPC call was issued without the correct number of arguments as determined by the count parameter to DBMS_DEFER.CALL.

    Action: Be sure the number of arguments matches the count.

ORA-23305 internal deferred RPC error: string

    Cause: An internal error occurred in deferred RPC.

    Action: Report the error and other information to support.

ORA-23306 schema string does not exist

    Cause: The schema name was null or misspelled, or the schema does not exist locally.

    Action: Specify the schema correctly, or create it with CREATE USER.

ORA-23307 replicated schema string already exists

    Cause: The given database already replicates the given schema.

    Action: Choose a different schema or a different database.

ORA-23308 object string.string does not exist or is invalid

    Cause: The given name was null or misspelled, the given type was wrong, the object does not exist as a valid database object, or the object does not exist as a replicated object with the appropriate status.

    Action: Ensure the object is valid in the database, is visible to the user, and, if appropriate, is a valid object in ALL_REPOBJECT.

ORA-23309 object string.string of type string exists

    Cause: An object in the same name space exists, perhaps with a different type or shape, or the same object has already been registered as an REPOBJECT in another object group.

    Action: Remove the offending object with the SQL DROP command, unregister the offending object with DBMS_REPCAT.DROP_MASTER_REPOBJECT(), or reinvoke the request using TRUE for a boolean parameter such as retry or USE_EXISTING_OBJECT.

ORA-23310 object group "string"."string" is not quiesced

    Cause: The requested operation requires the object group to be suspended.

    Action: Invoke SUSPEND_MASTER_ACTIVITY at the REPGROUP's MASTERDEF, wait until the status has changed to quiesced, and then retry the original request.

ORA-23312 not the masterdef according to string

    Cause: The group name is null, the group name is misspelled, the invocation or given database is not the MASTERDEF, or one of the masters does not believe the invocation database is the MASTERDEF.

    Action: If the given group name and MASTERDEF were both correct, connect to the MASTERDEF and retry the request, or relocate the MASTERDEF at the (errant) databases using RELOCATE_MASTERDEF.

ORA-23313 object group "string"."string" is not mastered at string

    Cause: The group name is null, the group name is misspelled, the invocation database is not a master, or the invocation database does not believe the given database is a master.

    Action: If the given group name was correct, connect to a current master and retry the request, make the invocation database a master with ADD_MASTER_DATABASE, or use SWITCH_MVIEW_MASTER if the invocation database is a materialized view site.

ORA-23314 database is not a materialized view site for "string"."string"

    Cause: The invocation database is not a snapshot database for the given object group.

    Action: Connect to the desired materialized view database and retry the request, or make the invocation database a materialized view site with CREATE_MVIEW_REPSCHEMA or CREATE_MVIEW_REPGROUP.

ORA-23315 repcatlog version or request string is not supported by version string

    Cause: Either incompatible REPCAT versions are used, or a REPCATLOG record has been corrupted.

    Action: Convert the master to a compatible version of REPCAT or retry the request.

ORA-23316 the masterdef is string

    Cause: The requested operation is not permitted on a MASTERDEF site.

    Action: Relocate the MASTERDEF to another master and retry the operation.

ORA-23317 a communication failure has occurred

    Cause: The remote database is inaccessible.

    Action: Ensure the remote database is running, the communications network is functioning, and the appropriate database links are present.

ORA-23318 a ddl failure has occurred

    Cause: User-supplied or system-generated DDL did not execute successfully.

    Action: Examine DDL, database state, REPCATLOG, and ALL_ERRORS to determine why the failure occurred.

ORA-23319 parameter value string is not appropriate

    Cause: The given value of a parameter is either null, misspelled, or not supported.

    Action: Refer to the documentation and use parameter values that are appropriate for the given situation.

ORA-23320 the request failed because of values string and string

    Cause: A missing DDL record for a REPCATLOG record, or inconsistency in REPCAT views.

    Action: Retry the request, or make the views consistent.

ORA-23321 Pipename may not be null

    Cause: You called DBMS_PIPE with a null pipe name.

    Action: Find out the name of the pipe and call function with non-null pipe name.

ORA-23322 Privilege error accessing pipe

    Cause: You either tried to create a pipe that already existed and belonged to someone else, or remove a pipe that you were not authorized to use, or put a message into a pipe that you were not authorized for, or get a message from a pipe that you were not authorized for.

    Action: You may have to use a different pipe name.

ORA-23323 parameter length exceeds deferred RPC limits

    Cause: A deferred RPC parameter was longer than the deferred RPC limits of 4000 bytes for char/varchar2 parameters and 2000 bytes for raw parameters.

    Action: Use smaller parameters.

ORA-23324 error string, while creating deferror entry at "string" with error string

    Cause: The given error was encountered while attempting to create a DEFERROR entry for the give error code and the give database.

    Action: Correct the cause of the given error.

ORA-23325 parameter type is not string

    Cause: A conflict resolution priority function was given a type different than the type assigned to the priority group; or the priority group has no type assigned or a function; or DBMS_DEFER_SYS_QUERY was called to retrieve a deferred RPC parameter from the deferred RPC queue, but the type of the parameter does not match the return type of the function.

    Action: Use the function corresponding to the parameter type.

ORA-23326 object group "string"."string" is quiesced

    Cause: Either SUSPEND_MASTER_ACTIVITY has been called before the object group has resumed normal operation or a (deferred) RPC operation was attempted while the object group was quiesced.

    Action: If SUSPEND_MASTER_ACTIVITY has been called and a RESUME_MASTER_ACTIVITY request is pending, wait until it completes, and then reinvoke SUSPEND_MASTER_ACTIVITY. Otherwise, resume database activity with the RESUME_MASTER_ACTIVITY call.

ORA-23327 imported deferred rpc data does not match string of importing db

    Cause: Deferred RPC queues were imported from a database with a different global name or operating system than importing database.

    Action: Deferred RPC data should only be imported into a database with the same global name and hardware and operating system.

ORA-23328 mview base table "string"."string" differs from master table "string"."string"

    Cause: When creating a materialized view through REPCAT, the materialized view base table name did not match a replicated table name at the master.

    Action: Change the materialized view DDL to use the same base table as the replicated table name at the master.

ORA-23329 successful user-provided ddl but no materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: The DDL provided by the user to create a materialized view was executed without error, but materialized view does not exist.

    Action: Manually back-out the DDL, and reregister with matching DDL and materialized view.

ORA-23330 column group string already exists

    Cause: The column group was already registered in the object group.

    Action: Use a column group name not yet registered in the replicated object group.

ORA-23331 column group string does not exist

    Cause: The given column group is either null, misspelled or not registered.

    Action: Use a registered column group.

ORA-23332 group string is in use; cannot drop

    Cause: The given column group or priority group is being used to resolve conflicts.

    Action: Call DBMS_REPCAT procedures DROP_UPDATE_RESOLUTION, DROP_DELETE_RESOLUTION, DROP_UNIQUE_RESOLUTION so that the column group or priority group is no longer in use before dropping.

ORA-23333 column string is already part of a column group

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a column to a column group when the column was already a member of a column group.

    Action: Drop the column from its existing column group before trying to add it to another.

ORA-23334 column string does not exist in table or column group

    Cause: The given column is either null, misspelled or is not part of the given table or column group.

    Action: Use a column that is a member of the table or column group.

ORA-23335 priority group string already exists

    Cause: The priority group was already registered in the object group.

    Action: Use a column group name not yet registered in the object group.

ORA-23336 priority group string does not exist

    Cause: The priority group was already registered in the object group.

    Action: Use a priority group name not yet registered in the object group.

ORA-23337 priority or value not in priority group string

    Cause: The specified value or priority has not been registered as part of the priority group.

    Action: Either specify a different value or priority that is already part of the priority group, or add the value to the priority group.

ORA-23338 priority or value already in priority group string

    Cause: The specified value or priority has already been registered as part of the priority group.

    Action: Either specify a different value or priority that not already part of the priority group, or drop the value to the priority group.

ORA-23339 duplicate conflict resolution information

    Cause: The specified combination of column group, sequence, conflict type and/or parameter table name, parameter column name, and parameter sequence number has already been registered.

    Action: Verify that additional conflict resolution information needs to be added and provide a new sequence number. If modifying existing information, the existing information must be dropped first.

ORA-23340 incorrect resolution method string

    Cause: User function is specified when conflict resolution method was not "USER FUNCTION" or specified resolution method is not one of the predefined methods.

    Action: If user function is specified when conflict resolution method was not "USER FUNCTION", either reregister function with method as "USER FUNCTION" or specify a NULL user function. Otherwise, specify one of the documented supported conflict resolution methods.

ORA-23341 user function required

    Cause: A NULL user function was specified for the "USER FUNCTION" method.

    Action: Provide user function name (for example, "schema"."package"."function") that conforms to the documented user function specifications or specify one of the documented supported conflict resolution methods.

ORA-23342 invalid parameter column string

    Cause: The parameter column name is null or misspelled, the invocation database is not a master, or is of the wrong type for the specified conflict resolution method.

    Action: Specify a parameter column from the specified column group that has a correct type for the conflict resolution method.

ORA-23343 no match for specified conflict resolution information

    Cause: The specified combination of column group, sequence, conflict type has not been registered (for example, for adding a comment).

    Action: Specify a combination of column group, sequence, conflict type has been registered.

ORA-23344 constraint (string.string) does not exist

    Cause: A null, misspelled or non-existent constraint was specified when registering a uniqueness conflict.

    Action: Register a named constraint for the specified table.

ORA-23345 table "string"."string" not registered to collect statistics

    Cause: A procedure that deals with conflict resolution statistics-gathering was called for a table that was not registered to collect statistics.

    Action: Call DBMS_REPCAT.REGISTER_STATISTICS to register the table.

ORA-23346 primary key or object ID is undefined for table or materialized view string

    Cause: An attempt was made to generate replication support for a table or materialized view without a primary key (as defined by a constraint or DBMS_REPCAT.SET_COLUMNS) or an object ID.

    Action: For a table, add a primary key constraint or define a primary key using DBMS_REPCAT.SET_COLUMNS or use object tables. For a ROWID materialized view, set min_communication to false or use primary key or object ID materialized views.

ORA-23347 datatype string for column string table string not supported

    Cause: The table has a column whose datatype is not supported by REPCAT.

    Action: Remove the column from the table, or alter the column to have one of the supported datatypes.

ORA-23348 cannot replicate procedure string; only IN parameters supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to generate replication support for a package that has a procedure with OUT or IN OUT parameters.

    Action: Remove the procedure from the package, or remove the OUT or IN OUT parameters from the procedure.

ORA-23349 cannot generate replication support for functions

    Cause: An attempt was made to generate replication support for a package that has a public function, or for a standalone function.

    Action: Remove the public function from the package, or alter the function to be a procedure.

ORA-23350 maximum number of recursive calls exceeded

    Cause: This usually occurs when trying to resolve conflicts in a table while concurrent updates to the same row create more conflicts.

    Action: Re-execute the deferred transaction from DefError using DBMS_DEFER_SYS.EXECUTE_ERROR.

ORA-23351 parameter datatype string for procedure string not supported

    Cause: The procedure has a parameter whose datatype is not supported by REPCAT.

    Action: Remove the parameter from the procedure, or alter the parameter to have one of the supported datatypes.

ORA-23352 duplicate destination for deferred transaction

    Cause: A duplicate destination was specified for a deferred transaction either in a DBMS_DEFER.CALL call or an earlier DBMS_DEFER.TRANSACTION call or a dbms_defer_sys.add_default_dest call.

    Action: Remove the duplicate entry.

ORA-23353 deferred RPC queue has entries for object group "string"."string"

    Cause: The requested action cannot be performed until the queue is empty for the given object group.

    Action: Use DBMS_DEFER_SYS.EXECUTE or DBMS_DEFER_SYS.DELETE_TRAN to empty the queue.

ORA-23354 deferred RPC execution disabled for "string" with "string"

    Cause: Deferred RPC cannot be executed at the destination with the specified catchup value because their propagation has been disabled.

    Action: Enable deferred RPC execution with the DBMS_DEFER_SYS.SET_DISABLED call.

ORA-23355 object string.string does not exist or is invalid at master site

    Cause: The given name was null or misspelled, the given type was wrong, the object does not exist as a valid database object at the master site, or the object does not exist as a replicated object with the appropriate status.

    Action: Ensure the object is valid in the master database, and is visible to the user, and, if appropriate, is a valid object in ALL_REPOBJECT.

ORA-23356 masterdef recognizes a master which does not recognize the masterdef

    Cause: Possibly DROP_MASTER_REPGROUP was run at a master site but REMOVE_MASTER_DATABASES was not run at master definition site for that master.

    Action: Run REMOVE_MASTER_DATABASES from master definition site to remove the appropriate master (see associated error messages).

ORA-23357 the propagator does not exist

    Cause: The propagator does not exist.

    Action: Register a new propagator.

ORA-23358 invalid remote user

    Cause: The local user does not match the remote user connected via a database link.

    Action: Drop and re-create the identified database link with the connect-to user identical to the owner of the database link.

ORA-23359 error on creating a ddl record for a repcatlog record

    Cause: The USERID in the REPCATLOG record does not match the USERID of the connected user.

    Action: Retry the operation with a different user.

ORA-23360 only one materialized view for master table "string" can be created

    Cause: An attempt was made to create more than one materialized view on a given master table in the same rep group.

    Action: Create these other materialized views in a different rep group at another site.

ORA-23361 materialized view "string" does not exist at master site

    Cause: The materialized view does not exist at the master site for offline instantiation of the materialized view.

    Action: The correct procedure is to create the materialized view in a different schema at the master site, and then follow the instructions for offline instantiation of materialized views.

ORA-23362 invalid user

    Cause: The given user does not exist.

    Action: Enter the name of a valid user and retry the operation.

ORA-23363 mismatch of mview base table "string" at master and mview site

    Cause: The name of the base table of the materialized view at the master site is different from the base table at the materialized view site. This error may arise during offline instantiation of materialized views.

    Action: Retry offline instantiation with a materialized view name less than 24 bytes.

ORA-23364 Feature not enabled: Advanced replication

    Cause: The Advanced Replication feature is not enabled at this site. Updatable materialized views, deferred RPCs, and other replication features are, therefore, unavailable.

    Action: Do not attempt to use this feature. Contact Oracle Support Services if the Advanced Replication feature has been purchased but not enabled.

ORA-23365 site string does not exist

    Cause: site specified in argument REFERENCE_SITE or argument COMPARISON_SITE in call to DIFFERENCES() routine or RECTIFY() routine does not name an existing site.

    Action: Make sure that database sites specified really do exist, and rerun the routine.

ORA-23366 integer value string is less than 1

    Cause: Value of argument MAX_MISSING to routine DIFFERENCES() cannot be less than 1. Value of argument COMMIT_ROWS to routines DIFFERENCES() and RECTIFY() cannot be less than 1.

    Action: Choose an integer value for those arguments to be 1 or greater.

ORA-23367 table string is missing the primary key

    Cause: Table specified in argument "oname1" or "oname2" in call to "differences()" routine does not contain either a primary key or a virtual primary key (defined through DBMS_REPCAT package under symmetric replication).

    Action: Make sure the tables specified have a primary key defined.

ORA-23368 name string cannot be null or the empty string

    Cause: Argument SNAME1, SNAME2, ONAME1, ONAME2, MISSING_ROWS_SNAME, MISSING_ROWS_ONAME1, MISSING_ROWS_ONAME2 to DIFFERENCES() or RECTIFY() cannot be NULL or '' (empty string).

    Action: Change argument to non-null or non-empty string.

ORA-23369 value of "string" argument cannot be null

    Cause: Argument MAX_MISSING to DIFFERENCES() routine cannot be NULL.

    Action: Legal values for MAX_MISSING are integers 1 or greater.

ORA-23370 table string and table string are not shape equivalent (string)

    Cause: The tables specified are not shape equivalent, which means intuitively that the number of columns, the names, their datatypes and lengths are not the same. Specifically, problem is in the parentheses and is one of the following: the number of columns are not equal, datatypes of columns with same name in different tables are different, lengths of varchar2 and char columns are not equal, precision and scale of number datatypes are not equal.

    Action: Make sure the two tables being compared have the same number of columns, same column names, and same datatypes.

ORA-23371 column string unknown in table string

    Cause: Some column in ARRAY_COLUMNS argument (or COLUMN_LIST argument) to DIFFERENCES() routine does not correspond to a column in the specified table.

    Action: Make sure that all the columns in either ARRAY_COLUMNS or COLUMN_LIST are present in the specified table.

ORA-23372 type string in table string is unsupported

    Cause: Certain types in the table comparison utility are not supported.

    Action: Make sure that the types of columns in the tables to be compared are the ones supported by symmetric replication.

ORA-23373 object group "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: The group name was null or misspelled, or the group does not exist locally.

    Action: Specify the group correctly, or create it with DBMS_REPCAT.CREATE_MASTER_REPGROUP().

ORA-23374 object group "string"."string" already exists

    Cause: The given database already replicates the given object group. A materialized view repgroup cannot be created at a given site where a master repgroup with the same name already exists.

    Action: Choose a different group or a different database.

ORA-23375 feature is incompatible with database version at string

    Cause: A feature not compatible with the specified database was used.

    Action: Set or raise the value of the COMPATIBLE initialization parameter to match the necessary compatibility level.

ORA-23376 node string is not compatible with replication version "string"

    Cause: A feature not compatible with the remote database was used.

    Action: Upgrade the remote database and retry the operation.

ORA-23377 bad name string for missing_rows_oname1 argument

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the name of the reference site table as the name of the missing_rows_oname1 argument.

    Action: Provide a separately created table with a different name for MISSING_ROWS_ONAME1 argument. The separately created table will contain the differences between the tables being compared.

ORA-23378 connection qualifier "string" is not valid for object group "string"."string"

    Cause: The connection qualifier used in the database link for the specified object group does not match the qualifier specified for the group in CREATE_MASTER_REPGROUP.

    Action: Use or create a database link which contains the correct connection qualifier.

ORA-23379 connection qualifier "string" is too long

    Cause: The maximum length of a database link, including the connection qualifier, is 128 bytes.

    Action: Use a shorter connection qualifier, or shorten the name of the database link

ORA-23380 propagation mode "string" is not valid

    Cause: The specified propagation is misspelled, or is not supported. For materialized view sites, all materialized view object groups at the same materialized view site with the same master object group must all have the same propagation method.

    Action: Refer to Oracle9i Replication for valid propagation modes. For materialized view sites, also ensure that the propagation modes of all materialized view object groups with the same master object group are the same.

ORA-23381 generated object for base object string.string@string does not exist

    Cause: The system generated object(s) for the specified base object do not exist at the specified site. The current operation requires the base object to have generated replication support.

    Action: Ensure that the generated replication object(s) for the base object exist and are valid at the specified site. If the generated object(s) do not exist, then the procedure DBMS_REPCAT.GENERATE_REPLICATION_SUPPORT() needs to be called from the master definition site for the base object. missing_rows_oname1 argument. The separately created table will contain the differences between the tables being compared.

ORA-23382 materialized view repgroup "string"."string" is not registered at site string

    Cause: The materialized view REPGROUP is not currently registered at the master and so cannot be unregistered.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-23383 registration for materialized view repgroup "string"."string" failed at site string

    Cause: Insertion into local REPSCHEMA table failed.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-23384 replication parallel push string argument out of range

    Cause: Specified numeric argument to DBMS_DEFER_SYS.PUSH is invalid.

    Action: Fix the argument value and try again.

ORA-23385 replication parallel push string argument not valid

    Cause: Specified string argument to DBMS_DEFER_SYS.PUSH is invalid.

    Action: Fix the argument value and try again.

ORA-23386 replication parallel push cannot create slave processes

    Cause: An error was occurred while creating slave processes for parallel push.

    Action: If the PARALLEL_MAX_SERVERS initialization parameter is zero, reconfigure the parameter to be greater than zero. Otherwise, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-23387 replication parallel push dequeue error

    Cause: An attempt to dequeue a deferred transaction failed while trying to assign a new queue batch number.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-23388 replication parallel push watermark error

    Cause: An error occurred during parallel push while trying to update the high-water-mark information in SYSTEM.DEF$_DESTINATION.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-23389 obsolete procedure; drop objects and recreate using new master

    Cause: DBMS_REPCAT.SWITCH_MVIEW_MASTER is no longer supported.

    Action: Drop the objects in the object group and re-create them using the new master.

ORA-23392 could not find materialized view to be associated with "string"."string"

    Cause: Could not find materialized view associated with a trigger or index that is being pulled from the master site.

    Action: Ensure that materialized view, master, and master index or trigger are registered as replicated objects.

ORA-23393 the user is already the propagator

    Cause: The given user is already the current propagator.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-23394 duplicate propagator

    Cause: More than one valid propagator exists.

    Action: Unregister any duplicate propagator.

ORA-23395 object "string"."string" of type "string" does not exist or is invalid

    Cause: The given name was null or misspelled, the given type was wrong, the object does not exist as a valid database object, or the object does not exist as a replicated object with the appropriate status.

    Action: Ensure the object is valid in the database, is visible to the user, and, if appropriate, is a valid object in ALL_REPOBJECT.

ORA-23396 database link "string" does not exist or has not been scheduled

    Cause: The database link does not exist in the schema of the replication propagator or has not been scheduled.

    Action: Ensure that the database link exists in the database, is accessible and is scheduled for execution.

ORA-23397 global name "string" does not match database link name "string"

    Cause: The database link name at the local node does not match the global name of the database that the link accesses.

    Action: Ensure that global names is set to true and the link name matches the global name.

ORA-23398 user name "string" at database link "string" does not match local user name "string"

    Cause: The user name of the replication administration user at the local node and the user name at the node corresponding to the database link are not the same. Symmetric replication expects the two users to be the same.

    Action: Ensure that the user ID of the replication administration user at the local node and the user ID at the node corresponding to the database link are the same.

ORA-23399 generation of replication support for "string"."string" is not complete

    Cause: Replication support for the specified object has not been generated or the generation process is not yet complete.

    Action: Ensure that replication support has been generated for the object. Use DBMS_REPCAT.GENERATE_REPLICATION_SUPPORT() to generate replication support for the object.

ORA-23400 invalid materialized view name "string"

    Cause: A null, misspelled, or badly formed materialized view name was given to DBMS_MVIEW.REFRESH.

    Action: Provide a valid materialized view name to DBMS_MVIEW.REFRESH.

ORA-23401 materialized view "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: A materialized view name was given to DBMS_MVIEW.REFRESH that is not in SYS.SNAP$ or its associated views.

    Action: Provide a materialized view name that is in SYS.SNAP$, ALL_MVIEWS or USER_MVIEWS.

ORA-23402 refresh was aborted because of conflicts caused by deferred txns

    Cause: There are outstanding conflicts logged in the DefError table at the materialized view's master.

    Action: Resolve the conflicts in the master DefError table and refresh again after the table is empty. Alternatively, refresh with REFRESH_AFTER_ERRORS set to TRUE, which will proceed with the refresh even if there are conflicts in the master's DefError table. Proceeding despite conflicts can result with an updatable materialized view's changes appearing to be temporarily lost (until a refresh succeeds after the conflicts are resolved).

ORA-23403 refresh group "string"."string" already exists

    Cause: Making a new refresh group when there is already a group of the same name in SYS.RGROUP$.

    Action: Choose a different refresh group name.

ORA-23404 refresh group "string"."string" does not exist

    Cause: A refresh group name was given that is not in SYS.RGROUP$.

    Action: Provide a refresh group name that is in SYS.RGROUP$ or DBS_RGROUP.

ORA-23405 refresh group number string does not exist

    Cause: A refresh group number was given that is not in SYS.RGROUP$.

    Action: Provide a refresh group number that is in SYS.RGROUP$ or DBS_RGROUP.

ORA-23406 insufficient privileges on user "string"

    Cause: The caller is not the owner of the materialized view and does not have ALTER ANY MATERIALIZED VIEW privileges.

    Action: Perform the operation as the owner of the materialized view or as a user with ALTER ANY MATERIALIZED VIEW privileges.

ORA-23407 object name string must be shaped like "schema"."object" or "object"

    Cause: The object name (for example, the rollback segment, the materialized view name, the refresh group) was incorrectly specified.

    Action: Retry the operation with the object name properly specified (like "schema"."object" or "object").

ORA-23408 this replication operation is not supported in a mixed configuration

    Cause: Operation is not supported if the object group is replicated at a pre-V8 node.

    Action: Ensure that all nodes of the replicated object group are V8.

ORA-23409 could not find an unused refresh group number

    Cause: 1000 consecutive refresh group numbers, as defined by the RGROUPSEQ number, were already used by rows in SYS.RGROUP$.

    Action: Alter the sequence number to be within a legal unused range and destroy unneeded refresh groups.

ORA-23410 materialized view "string"."string" is already in a refresh group

    Cause: A materialized view of the same name is already in a refresh group.

    Action: Subtract the materialized view from the current refresh group and add it to its new refresh group, or combine the two refresh groups into a single refresh group.

ORA-23411 materialized view "string"."string" is not in refresh group "string"."string"

    Cause: The specified materialized view is not in the specified refresh group.

    Action: Try again with the proper materialized view and refresh group names.

ORA-23412 master table's primary key columns have changed

    Cause: The master table's primary key constraint was modified after the primary key materialized view was created.

    Action: Drop and re-create the primary key materialized view.

ORA-23413 table "string"."string" does not have a materialized view log

    Cause: The fast refresh cannot be performed because the master table does not contain a materialized view log.

    Action: Use the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG command to create a materialized view log on the master table.

ORA-23414 materialized view log for "string"."string" does not record rowid values

    Cause: A ROWID materialized view is being fast refreshed, but the materialized view log does not record ROWID information.

    Action: Use the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG...ADD ROWID command to begin recording ROWID information in the materialized view log.

ORA-23415 materialized view log for "string"."string" does not record the primary key

    Cause: A primary key materialized view is being fast refreshed, but the materialized view log does not record primary key information.

    Action: Use the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG...ADD PRIMARY KEY command to begin recording primary key information in the materialized view log.

ORA-23416 table "string"."string" does not contain a primary key constraint

    Cause: The master table does not contain a primary key constraint or the primary key constraint has been disabled.

    Action: Create a primary key constraint on the master table or enable the existing constraint.

ORA-23417 unknown materialized view type: string

    Cause: A fast refresh is being performed on a materialized view of an unknown or unsupported type.

    Action: Check ALL_MVIEWS and ensure that the materialized view being refreshed is a valid materialized view.

ORA-23418 cannot unregister the propagator who is currently in use

    Cause: The propagator is currently used in propagating replication RPCs.

    Action: Try again later when there is no transaction active in propagating replication RPCs.

ORA-23419 regenerate replication support before resuming master activity

    Cause: There are tables in the object group that require regeneration of replication support.

    Action: Check the GENERATION_STATUS column in the ALL_REPOBJECT view. Regenerate replication support for any table in the object group with a 'NEEDSGEN' status. Resume master activity.

ORA-23420 interval must evaluate to a time in the future

    Cause: The parameter INTERVAL evaluates to a time earlier than SYSDATE.

    Action: Choose an expression that evaluates to a time later than SYSDATE.

ORA-23421 job number string is not a job in the job queue

    Cause: There is no job visible to the caller with the given job number.

    Action: Choose the number of a job visible to the caller.

ORA-23422 Oracle Server could not generate an unused job number

    Cause: Oracle Server could not generate a job number that was not used to identify another job.

    Action: Retry the operation.

ORA-23423 job number string is not positive

    Cause: The given job number is less than 1.

    Action: Choose a positive integer.

ORA-23424 materialized view "string"."string" at string not registered

    Cause: The specified materialized view has not been successfully registered at this site.

    Action: Register the materialized view manually at either the master site or the materialized view site.

ORA-23425 invalid materialized view identifier string

    Cause: The argument provided to DBMS_MVIEW.PURGE_MVIEW_FROM_LOG is an invalid materialized view identifier or it does not identify an Oracle8 fast refreshable materialized view or the materialized view has already been purged.

    Action: If the materialized view is an Oracle8 fast refreshable materialized view then provide PURGE_MVIEW_FROM_LOG with its valid materialized view identifier.

ORA-23426 deferred RPC queue has entries for string

    Cause: The requested action cannot be performed until the queue is empty for the given site/database link.

    Action: Use DBMS_DEFER_SYS.PUSH, DBMS_DEFER_SYS.PURGE_QUEUE or DBMS_DEFER_SYS.DELETE_TRAN to empty the queue.

ORA-23427 deferred purge queue argument string out of range

    Cause: Specified numeric argument to DBMS_DEFER_SYS.PURGE_QUEUE is invalid.

    Action: Fix the argument value and try again.

ORA-23428 job associated instance number string is not valid

    Cause: A job is associated with an instance that is not running.

    Action: Choose a running instance for job affinity, or set force parameter to TRUE.

ORA-23430 argument "string" cannot be NULL or empty string

    Cause: The caller has provided an argument whose value cannot be NULL or the empty string.

    Action: Check that the varchar2 value provided is not NULL or the empty string, and retry the call.

ORA-23431 wrong state: string

    Cause: The routine was executed against a replicated object group that was in the wrong state.

    Action: Make sure that the replicated object group is in the state given in the error message.

ORA-23432 master site string already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to instantiate a replicated object group at a master site that was already a part of the object group.

    Action: If you were trying to add this site, do nothing because it already exists; otherwise, pick the name of another site, and rerun the routine.

ORA-23433 executing against wrong master site string

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute the routine at a site that is different from the site specified in the argument of the routine.

    Action: Provide an argument to the routine that correctly indicates the site against which the routine should be executing.

ORA-23434 master site string not known for object group

    Cause: The site name given as an argument to a routine was not already known to the replicated object group.

    Action: Execute the DBMS_OFFLINE_OG.BEGIN_INSTANTIATION() routine to add a new site to the replicated object group.

ORA-23435 cannot create an updatable ROWID materialized view with LOB columns

    Cause: The propagation of LOB data from materialized view sites to the master site requires a primary key on the replicated table. Thus updatable ROWID materialized views that contain LOB columns are not supported.

    Action: Create a primary key materialized view instead of a ROWID materialized view. If the materialized view already exists, it can be converted to a primary key materialized view using the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW DDL command.

ORA-23436 missing template authorization for user

    Cause: The specified template authorization does not exist.

    Action: Check the values for user name and refresh template name to ensure a valid row exists in the DBA_REPCAT_USER_AUTHORIZATIONS view.

ORA-23437 template authorization already exists for user

    Cause: The specified user already has been authorized to use the specified refresh group template.

    Action: Check the values for user name and refresh template name or query the DBA_REPCAT_USER_AUTHORIZATIONS view to ensure that the correct values were passed as parameters.

ORA-23438 missing refresh group template

    Cause: The specified refresh group template does not exist.

    Action: Verify that the refresh group template does not exist by querying the DBA_REPCAT_REFRESH_TEMPLATES view.

ORA-23439 refresh group template already exists

    Cause: The specified refresh group template already exists.

    Action: Verify that the refresh group template exists by querying the DBA_REPCAT_REFRESH_TEMPLATES view.

ORA-23440 incorrect public template value

    Cause: The public template parameter is not 'Y', 'N' or NULL.

    Action: Correct the value of the public template parameter. It must be 'Y','N' or NULL.

ORA-23441 object does not exist for refresh group template

    Cause: The specified object does not exist in the refresh group template.

    Action: Correct the object name and object type parameters. Check the DBA_REPCAT_TEMPLATE_OBJECTS view to verify the correct name and type of the object.

ORA-23442 object already exists for the refresh group template

    Cause: The specified object already exists in the refresh group template.

    Action: Change the object name and object type parameters. Query the DBA_REPCAT_REMPLATE_OBJECTS view to verify the correct name and type of the object.

ORA-23443 missing template parameter

    Cause: The specified template parameter does not exist.

    Action: Correct the template parameter value and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_TEMPLATE_PARMS view to verify the name of the refresh group template and parameter name.

ORA-23444 duplicate template parameter

    Cause: The template parameter already exists for the specified refresh group template.

    Action: Correct the template parameter value and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_TEMPLATE_PARMS view to verify the name of the refresh group template and parameter name.

ORA-23445 missing template site

    Cause: The template site specified by the site name, user name and refresh group template name does not exist.

    Action: Correct the invalid parameter and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_TEMPLATE_SITES view to query the existing template sites.

ORA-23446 duplicate template site

    Cause: The template site specified by the site name, user name and refresh group template name already exists.

    Action: Correct the invalid parameter and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_TEMPLATE_SITES view to query the existing template sites.

ORA-23447 missing user parameter value

    Cause: The user parameter value specified by the user name, parameter name and refresh group template name does not exist.

    Action: Correct the invalid parameter and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_USER_PARM_VALUES view to query the existing user parameters.

ORA-23448 duplicate user parameter value

    Cause: The user parameter value specified by the user name, parameter name and refresh group template name already exists.

    Action: Correct the invalid parameter and execute the procedure again. Use the DBA_REPCAT_USER_PARM_VALUES view to query the existing user parameters.

ORA-23449 missing user name

    Cause: The user specified by the user name parameter does not exist in the database.

    Action: Correct an invalid user name or create the user in the master database. Use the DBA_USERS view to select the valid database users.

ORA-23450 flavor already contains object "string"."string"

    Cause: The flavor already contains the specified object.

    Action: Check that the specified object is correct. To add all columns of a table object, delete the object from the flavor and then add it again.

ORA-23451 flavor string already defined for object group "string"."string"

    Cause: The given object group already contains a (possibly unpublished) definition of the specified flavor.

    Action: Check the spelling of the flavor name. Check for an unpublished flavor of the desired name.

ORA-23452 flavor string of object group "string"."string" is already published

    Cause: The given object group already contains a (published) definition of the specified flavor.

    Action: Check the spelling of the flavor name.

ORA-23453 requested operation is not supported on top flavor

    Cause: The TOP flavor has a NULL name and may not be directly defined or deleted.

    Action: Supply the name of a flavor other than the TOP flavor or use DBMS_REPCAT routines to implicitly change the TOP flavor.

ORA-23454 flavor string not defined for object group "string"."string"

    Cause: The given object group does not contain a (published) definition of the specified flavor.

    Action: Check the spelling of the flavor name. Ensure the flavor has been defined (and published) for the object group.

ORA-23455 flavor string contains object "string"

    Cause: The given flavor contains the object to be dropped.

    Action: Purge the flavor or choose another object to drop.

ORA-23456 flavor string does not contain "string"

    Cause: The flavor does not contain the given object, column, or attribute.

    Action: Either drop the flavor or choose a different object, column, or attribute.

ORA-23457 invalid flavor ID string

    Cause: The given flavor ID is invalid.

    Action: Make sure this flavor has been instantiated. If the flavor ID is outside the range (-2147483647, 2147483647), contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-23458 inappropriate flavor string at string

    Cause: The given flavor at the given database prevents the operation from succeeding.

    Action: Either change the database flavor or choose a different operation.

ORA-23459 flavor string must contain "string"

    Cause: The flavor must contain the given object, column, or attribute.

    Action: Either choose a different database flavor or ensure the object, column, or attribute is available.

ORA-23460 missing value for column string in resolution method "string" for "string"."string"."string"

    Cause: Before resolving conflicts, some values necessary for resolving conflicts are not available; or, after resolving conflicts, some values necessary for retrying the SQL are not available.

    Action: define appropriate flavors, provide necessary values through availability vector in USER FLAVOR FUNCTION for conflict resolution.

ORA-23461 fail to resolve conflict for "string"."string"."string"

ORA-23462 flavor string in use at site string

    Cause: The given flavor cannot be deleted because it is being used at the given site.

    Action: Change the flavor of the site, or unregister it if it is a materialized view site.

ORA-23463 flavor incompatible with object "string"."string"

    Cause: An existing flavor includes the specified object with an incompatible type.

    Action: Change the type of the object, or delete the flavor if it is not in use.

ORA-23464 flavor lacks column string of "string"."string"

    Cause: The flavor includes some columns of an object group but not all the required columns.

    Action: Change the flavor definition to include all required columns.

ORA-23465 flavor already includes column string of "string"."string"

    Cause: The flavor includes the specified column which is being added.

    Action: Check that the specified column is correct.

ORA-23466 flavor requires missing object "string"."string"

    Cause: The flavor includes the specified object which does not exist.

    Action: Check that the specified object name is correct, and create the object if appropriate.

ORA-23467 flavor lacks object "string"."string"

    Cause: The flavor does not include the specified object which is being dropped.

    Action: Check that the specified object is correct.

ORA-23468 missing string string

    Cause: The template is missing the object with the specified key.

    Action: Add the object to the template.

ORA-23469 string is different between templates

    Cause: The values for the specified columns are different in each template for the same key values.

    Action: Correct the column values to make the templates the same.

ORA-23470 invalid status

    Cause: The status should be DELETED, INSTALLING or INSTALLED. Any other status is invalid.

    Action: Check that the specified status value is correct.

ORA-23471 template not authorized for user

    Cause: The refresh template is private and the user has not been authorized to instantiate the template.

    Action: Authorize the user to use the template.

ORA-23472 materialized view "string"."string" must be atomically refreshed

    Cause: Non-atomic refresh is not supported for the specified materialized view.

    Action: Set the value of the ATOMIC parameter to FALSE in the refresh procedure being used or remove the specified materialized view from the set of materialized views being refreshed.

ORA-23473 replication RPC processing for "string"."string" is disabled

    Cause: The processing of replication RPCs for the object group that contains this object is disabled. This includes RPCs in the error queue.

    Action: Processing of replication RPCs is disabled when the object group is being offline instantiated. Wait until offline instantiation is finished.

ORA-23474 definition of "string"."string" has changed since generation of replication support

    Cause: The current columns in the specified table and their column types do not match the columns and column types when replication support was last generated.

    Action: Regenerate replication support for the affected table. All flavors that include the specified table should be checked for validity. Types for any UDT columns should also be checked for validity.

ORA-23475 key column string must be sent and compared

    Cause: The specified column is a key column and must be sent and compared during replication propagation.

    Action: Make sure every key column is sent and compared.

ORA-23476 cannot import from string to string

    Cause: This object was imported from a database with a different global name than the importing database.

    Action: Only import this object into a database with the same global name.

ORA-23477 unable to alter propagation mode for object group "string"."string"

    Cause: The propagation method of a materialized view object group can only be altered when no other object groups with the same master object group are sharing the materialized view site.

    Action: Ensure that there are no other materialized view object groups at the local site with the same master object group.

ORA-23478 object group string is already mastered at string

    Cause: There is at least one other materialized view repgroup at the local site with the same group name but a different master site.

    Action: Ensure that all materialized view repgroups at the local site with the same group name have the same master.

ORA-23480 Column string is not a top-level column of "string"."string".

    Cause: The column is either not a top-level column or is not present in the table or materialized view.

    Action: Ensure only valid top-level columns are used.

ORA-23482 column string of "string"."string": object types not allowed.

    Cause: The column is of Object Type.

    Action: Ensure that all the columns are not of Object Type.

ORA-23483 object "string"."string" not allowed in this operation.

    Cause: The specified operation does not support the given object.

    Action: Do not invoke the operation for this object.

ORA-23484 internal internet Application Server error: string

    Cause: An internal error occurred in internet Application Server.

    Action: Report the error and other information to support.

ORA-23485 Column group "string" must consist of a single numeric column only

    Cause: The column group doesn't contain only one numeric column.

    Action: Use a column group containing a single numeric column.

ORA-23487 object groups "string"."string" and "string"."string" do not have the same connection qualifier

    Cause: The specified two object groups do not have the same connection qualifier.

    Action: Do not invoke the operation on the above object groups, or ensure they have the same connection qualifier.

ORA-23488 propagation mode "string" for "string" is not allowed for this operation

    Cause: This operation does not support the specified dblink in the above propagation mode.

    Action: Do not invoke the operation for this dblink, or change the propagation mode for this dblink.

ORA-23489 duplicate entry "string"

    Cause: The specified value is duplicated in the parameter list.

    Action: Remove duplicated entries in the parameter list.

ORA-23490 extension request "string" with status "string" not allowed in this operation

    Cause: The specified operation is not allowed for the extension request with the specified status.

    Action: Ensure the extension request has the appropriate status before retrying this operation.

ORA-23491 no valid extension request at "string"

    Cause: The specified database does not have a valid extension request.

    Action: Ensure there is a valid extension request in the DBA_REPEXTENSIONS view before retrying this operation.

ORA-23492 no new sites for extension request "string"

    Cause: There is no new site with the specified extension request.

    Action: Ensure there is at least one new site in the DBA_REPSITES_NEW view for this request before retrying this operation.

ORA-23493 "string" is not a new site for extension request "string"

    Cause: The specified extension request does not include the specified site as a new site.

    Action: Ensure the specified site is a new site for this extension request before retrying this operation.

ORA-23494 too many rows for destination "string"

    Cause: The specified destination has too many rows in the system.def$_destination table.

    Action: Ensure the specified destination has at most two valid rows before retrying this operation.

ORA-23495 serial propagation can not be used for "string"

    Cause: The sites involved may be in the process of adding a new site without quiescing.

    Action: Check the def$_destination table for this destination and try parallel propagation.

ORA-23496 can not change disabled status for "string" and "string"

    Cause: The disabled status for this site is set internally for synchronization during adding a new master without quiescing.

    Action: Ensure adding a new master without quiescing finished before invoking this procedure.

ORA-23500 cannot switch master for a multi-tier materialized view repgroup "string"."string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to switch master for a materialized view repgroup when its parent repgroup is also a materialized view repgroup. This is not allowed.

    Action: Drop and recreate the materialized view repgroup based on a proper parent repgroup.

ORA-23501 refresh template cannot be instantiated for database with compatibility equal to or less than 8.0

    Cause: Instantiation of a refresh template is not supported for database compatibility equal to or less than 8.0.

    Action: Be sure the database compatibility is equal to 8.1 or higher.

ORA-23502 valid directory for offline instantiation is not specified

    Cause: An attempt was made to offline instantiate to a directory which is not specified or null.

    Action: There are two ways to specify the directory:

        * As a parameter OFFLINE_DIRPATH to the API
        * As an initialization parameter named UTL_FILE_DIR

    Make sure you have specified an appropriate directory in which the offline file can be created.

ORA-23503 error occurred during IAS instantiation

    Cause: An attempt was made to instantiate a IAS site. Error occurred during IAS instantiation.

    Action: See the other errors on the error stack to look for the source of the problem. If the error still persists, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-23504 columns added to table do not match list of columns to be added

    Cause: The list of columns passed as a parameter does not match the columns to be added to the table.

    Action: Correct the DDL string or list of columns and rexecute.

ORA-23505 Object "string"."string" is missing.

    Cause: The specified object does not exist.

    Action: Check that the specified object is correct.

ORA-23514 invalid or incorrect number of arguments

    Cause: The arguments passed to the online redefinition API were invalid or missing.

    Action: Call the online redefinition API with the right number of valid arguments.

ORA-23515 materialized views and/or their indices exist in the tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains materialized views and/or their indices.

    Action: Drop the materialized views in this tablespace. Also, find indices belonging to materialized views in this tablespace and drop then. Then try dropping the tablespace.

ORA-23531 site owner already exists in the template

    Cause: Site owner for the template already exists.

    Action: Do not create multiple siteowners for this template.

ORA-23532 tables with different synchronization mechanisms are in the same group

    Cause: Tables belonging to the same replication group were specified to be cached with different synchronization mechanisms.

    Action: Do not specify different synchronization mechanisms while caching tables belonging to the same replication group.

ORA-23533 object "string"."string" can not be cached

    Cause: An attempt was made to cache an object which is not supported.

    Action: Do not cache an object which is not supported.

ORA-23534 missing column in materialized view container table "string"."string"

    Cause: After import, the materialized view container table has missing columns.

    Action: Check if materialized view container table was imported correctly.

ORA-23535 instantiating templates from multiple back ends is not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to set a new non-null back end database for an iAS site.

    Action: Call dbms_ias_configure.set_back_end_db procedure with null dblink. Then, call the same procedure with the new non-null dblink.

ORA-23536 the object "string"."string" is not cached at the middle tier as expected.

    Cause: The object may have been dropped or renamed at the back end after dbms_ias_inst.start_ias_inst was executed.

    Action: Check the validity of the object at the back end and retry the instantiation.

ORA-23537 function or procedure string is not allowed to be invoked from this site.

    Cause: This function or procedure is restricted to the backend or middle tier site.

    Action: Connect to the proper site before calling this function or procedure.

ORA-23538 cannot explicitly refresh a NEVER REFRESH materialized view ("string")

    Cause: An attempt was made to explicitly refresh a NEVER REFRESH materialized view.

    Action: Do not perform this refresh operation or remove the materialized views from the list.

ORA-23600 cannot create PROPAGATION, string already exists

    Cause: The propagate_name already exists.

    Action: Drop the propagate_name using DROP_PROPAGATE command or specify propagate_name.

ORA-23601 PROPAGATION_NAME string does not exist

    Cause: Propagation does not exist.

    Action: Query the DBA_PROPAGATION view to find existing propagation_name.

ORA-23602 Invalid streams process type string

    Cause: Specified streams process type is not valid.

    Action: Specify either capture or apply.

ORA-23605 invalid value "string" for STREAMS parameter string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid parameter value.

    Action: Specify a valid value for the parameter. Check the documentation for valid parameter values.

ORA-23606 invalid object string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid object.

    Action: Specify a valid object.

ORA-23607 invalid column "string"

    Cause: An invalid column was specified in the column list.

    Action: Check the columns in the object and specify the right column name.

ORA-23608 invalid resolution column "string"

    Cause: An invalid column was specified as the resolution column. The resolution column must belong to the list of columns specified in the 'column_list' parameter.

    Action: Check the columns in the column_list and specify the right resolution column name.

ORA-23619 non-Oracle system error: string

    Cause: A non-Oracle database has returned an error message to STREAMS when attempting to apply a DML statement. The non-Oracle system error message is a parameter to this Oracle error.

    Action: Corrective action may or may not be possible (depending on the non-Oracle system error). If corrective action is possible, then correct the problem and try applying the transaction again.

ORA-24000 invalid value string, string should be of the form [SCHEMA.]NAME

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Specify a string of the form [SCHEMA.]NAME.

ORA-24001 cannot create QUEUE_TABLE, string already exists

    Cause: The queue table already exists in the queueing system.

    Action: Drop the table first using the DROP_QUEUE_TABLE() command or specify another table.

ORA-24002 QUEUE_TABLE string does not exist

    Cause: QUEUE_TABLE does not exist.

    Action: Query on the user view USER_QUEUE_TABLES to find out existing queue tables.

ORA-24003 Queue table index string inconsistent with queue table string

    Cause: The queue table index has not yet been successfully imported.

    Action: Import the queue table index before attempting to use the queue table. If the import failed, correct the problem and try to import the queue table index again.

ORA-24004 invalid column name string in SORT_LIST, should be ENQ_TIME or PRIORITY

    Cause: Invalid column name was specified in the SORT_LIST.

    Action: The valid column names are ENQ_TIME and PRIORITY.

ORA-24005 must use DBMS_AQADM.DROP_QUEUE_TABLE to drop queue tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the SQL command DROP TABLE for queue tables, but DROP TABLE is not supported for queue tables.

    Action: Use the DBMS_AQADM.DROP_QUEUE_TABLE procedure instead of the DROP TABLE command.

ORA-24006 cannot create QUEUE, string already exists

    Cause: The queue requested to be created already exists.

    Action: Specify another queue name. Query USER_QUEUES for all the existing queues in the users's schema.

ORA-24007 invalid value string, MAX_RETRIES should be non-negative integer

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for MAX_RETRIES.

    Action: Specify a non-negative integer.

ORA-24008 queue table string.string must be dropped first

    Cause: An error was detected when dropping a queue table in a cluster, tablespace, or schema.

    Action: Use the DBMS_AQADM.DROP_QUEUE_TABLE procedure to drop the specified queue table first; then, retry the operation.

ORA-24009 invalid value string, QUEUE_TYPE should be NORMAL_QUEUE or EXCEPTION_QUEUE

    Cause: Invalid queue type parameter.

    Action: Valid values are NORMAL_QUEUE for normal queue and EXCEPTION_QUEUE for exception queue.

ORA-24010 QUEUE string does not exist

    Cause: The specified queue does not exist.

    Action: Specify a valid queue. Query USER_QUEUES for all the valid queues.

ORA-24011 cannot drop QUEUE, string should be stopped first

    Cause: The queue has not been stopped. That is, either enqueue or dequeue is still enabled.

    Action: Stop the queue first using the STOP_QUEUE command and disable it from both enqueueing and dequeueing.

ORA-24012 cannot drop QUEUE_TABLE, some queues in string have not been dropped

    Cause: A queue exists in the queue table which has not been dropped. All queues need to be dropped first.

    Action: Drop all queues belonging to this queue table using the DROP_QUEUE() command. Be sure to stop the queues appropriately before dropping them. Alternately, use the force option in DROP_QUEUETABLE.

ORA-24013 invalid value string, RETRY_DELAY should be non-negative

    Cause: A negative value was specified for RETRY_DELAY.

    Action: Specify a non-negative value for RETRY_DELAY.

ORA-24014 invalid value string, RETENTION_TIME should be FOREVER or non-negative

    Cause: Queue retention was specified, but the retention time was specified to be less than zero.

    Action: Specify the retention time to be non-negative or FOREVER. Alternately do not specify retention.

ORA-24015 cannot create QUEUE_TABLE, QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE string.string does not exist

    Cause: An invalid QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE specified during CREATE_QUEUE_TABLE.

    Action: The QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE should be RAW or an object type that already exists in the database.

ORA-24016 cannot create QUEUE_TABLE, user string does not have execute privileges on QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE string.string

    Cause: An invalid object type specified for QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE during CREATE_QUEUE_TABLE.

    Action: Make sure you have execute privileges on the object type specified for the queue.

ORA-24017 cannot enable enqueue on QUEUE, string is an exception queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable enqueueing to an exception queue.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24018 STOP_QUEUE on string failed, outstanding transactions found

    Cause: There were outstanding transactions on the queue, and WAIT was set to false, so STOP_QUEUE was unsuccessful in stopping the queue.

    Action: Set WAIT to TRUE and try STOP_QUEUE again. It will hang till all outstanding transactions are completed.

ORA-24019 identifier for string too long, should not be greater than string characters

    Cause: The identifier specified is too long.

    Action: Try again with a shorter identifier.

ORA-24020 Internal error in DBMS_AQ_IMPORT_INTERNAL, string

    Cause: An internal error occurred in the package. DBMS_AQ_IMPORT_INTERNAL.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24021 queue table definition not imported for string.string

    Cause: The queue definition is not updated because the queue table was not imported properly.

    Action: Import the queue table again.

ORA-24022 the specified parameters has no effect on the queue

    Cause: The parameter combination will not cause the queue to be started or stopped.

    Action: No action required. This is a warning.

ORA-24023 Internal error in DBMS_AQ_EXP_INTERNAL.string [string] [string]

    Cause: An internal error occurred in the package DBMS_AQ_EXP_INTERNAL.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24024 Internal error in DBMS_AQ_IMP_INTERNAL.string [string] [string]

    Cause: An internal error occurred in the package DBMS_AQ_IMP_INTERNAL.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24025 invalid value string, QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE should be RAW or an object type

    Cause: Parameter QUEUE_PAYLOAD_TYPE has invalid value.

    Action: Specify a valid object type or RAW.

ORA-24026 operation failed, queue string.string has errors

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue, dequeue or administer a queue which has errors.

    Action: Drop the queue table setting the force option to true.

ORA-24027 AQ HTTP propagation encountered error, status-code string, string

    Cause: AQ propagation's HTTP request to the propagation servlet at the specified address encountered an error.

    Action: Specify a valid address in the connect string of the propagation destination dblink, the dblink user has the correct permissions, check if the AQ propagation servlet was properly installed.

ORA-24028 cannot create a reciever non-repudiable single consumer queue

    Cause: Tried to create a reciever non-repudiable single consumer queue.

    Action: This feature is not supported.

ORA-24029 operation not allowed on a single-consumer queue

    Cause: Tried an operation not allowed on a single-consumer queue.

    Action: Specify the operation on a multi-consumer queue.

ORA-24030 Only one of rule or rule-set must be specified

    Cause: Specified both a rule and rule-set for the operation.

    Action: Specify only one of rule or rule-set.

ORA-24031 invalid value, string should be non-NULL

    Cause: Parameter is NULL.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL value for the parameter.

ORA-24032 object string exists, index could not be created for queue table string

    Cause: Oracle AQ tried to create an index with the name specified in the error message. The index could not be created for the specified queue table because a object exists with the same name.

    Action: Drop the object specified in the error message and retry the command. You can also choose a different name for the queue table.

ORA-24033 no recipients for message

    Cause: An enqueue was performed on a queue that has been set up for multiple dequeuers but there were neither explicit recipients specified in the call nor were any queue subscribers determined to be recipients for this message.

    Action: Either pass a list of recipients in the enqueue call or add subscribers to the queue for receiving this message.

ORA-24034 application string is already a subscriber for queue string

    Cause: An application name that was already a subscriber for the queue was specified in the DBMS_AQ.SUBSCRIBE call.

    Action: Choose another application name and retry the call.

ORA-24035 AQ agent string is not a subscriber for queue string

    Cause: An AQ agent that was not a subscriber for the queue was specified.

    Action: Check the name and/or address of the agent and retry the call.

ORA-24036 invalid SORT_ORDER column string specified for queue table

    Cause: The CREATE QUEUE TABLE command was issued with MESSAGE_GROUPING set to TRANSACTIONAL and a sort order column other than priority. Only the priority column can be specified in the sort order for queue tables with transactional grouping.

    Action: Change the sort order list in the CREATE QUEUE TABLE command and retry the call.

ORA-24037 schema string in QUEUE_NAME is not same as schema string in QUEUE_TABLE

    Cause: The schema specified in the QUEUE_NAME parameter of CREATE_QUEUE is not the same as the schema specified in the QUEUE_TABLE parameter.

    Action: Use the same schema name for both the QUEUE_NAME and QUEUE_TABLE parameters and retry the command.

ORA-24038 RETRY_DELAY and MAX_RETRIES cannot be used for a 8.0 compatible multiple consumer queue

    Cause: The CREATE_QUEUE or ALTER_QUEUE command was issued with a non-zero RETRY_DELAY and a QUEUE_TABLE that was created for multiple consumers and with COMPATIBLE parameter set to '8.0'.

    Action: Either set the RETRY_DELAY to zero or upgrade the queue table to 8.1 compatible using the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure.

ORA-24039 Queue string not created in queue table for multiple consumers

    Cause: Either an ADD_SUBSCRIBER, ALTER_SUBSCRIBER, or REMOVE_SUBSCRIBER procedure, or an ENQUEUE with a non-empty recipient list, was issued on a queue that was not created for multiple consumers.

    Action: Create the queue in a queue table that was created for multiple consumers and retry the call.

ORA-24041 propagation schedule exists for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string

    Cause: A SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION was issued for a queue and destination pair which has an existing propagation schedule.

    Action: Issue UNSCHEDULE_PROPAGATION to remove the existing schedule and then reissue the SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION call.

ORA-24042 no propagation schedule exists for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string

    Cause: AN UNSCHEDULE_PROPAGATION was issued for a queue and destination pair which has no existing propagation schedule.

    Action: Verify the spelling of the specified QUEUE and DESTINATION and then reissue the call with the correct spelling.

ORA-24043 destination string uses a reserved name, names with AQ$_ prefix are not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a reserved name for a destination.

    Action: Enter a different value or NULL for the local destination. Then retry the operation.

ORA-24044 source string and destination string object types do not match

    Cause: A message recipient's queue has a different object structure than the sender's queue. The message cannot be propagated.

    Action: Either remove the recipient from the subscriber's list for the sender's queue or create the destination queue with an object type that matches the source queue's object type.

ORA-24045 invalid agent address string, agent address should be of the form [SCHEMA.]NAME[@DATABASE LINK]

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the agent address parameter.

    Action: Specify a string of the form [SCHEMA.]NAME[@DATABASE LINK].

ORA-24046 protocol attribute reserved for future use

    Cause: The protocol attribute of the AQ agent object type is reserved for future use.

    Action: Do not specify the protocol attribute in the agent object type.

ORA-24047 invalid agent name string, agent name should be of the form NAME

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for the agent name parameter.

    Action: Specify a string of the form NAME. Then retry the operation.

ORA-24048 cannot create QUEUE_TABLE, user does not have access to AQ object types

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue the CREATE_QUEUE_TABLE command, but the user who issued the command does not have access to internal AQ object types.

    Action: Use the DBMS_AQADM.GRANT_TYPE_ACCESS procedure to grant the user access to the AQ object types.

ORA-24049 invalid agent name string, names with AQ$_ prefix are not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a reserved prefix in the agent name.

    Action: Enter a different value for the agent name. Then, retry the operation.

ORA-24050 subscribers are not supported for exception queue string

    Cause: An ADD_SUBSCRIBER, ALTER_SUBSCRIBER, or REMOVE_SUBSCRIBER procedure was issued on a queue that was created as an EXCEPTION_QUEUE.

    Action: Specify a NORMAL_QUEUE in the procedure.

ORA-24051 cannot propagate object type payloads that have a REF or BFILE attribute

    Cause: An ADD_SUBSCRIBER or ENQUEUE procedure with a non-NULL address field in the agent type was issued on a queue whose payload has a REF or BFILE attribute. Propagation of object type payloads that have a REF or BFILE attribute currently is not supported.

    Action: Specify an agent with a NULL address field so that the agent can dequeue from the same queue. Or, change the object type definition to one that does not use REF or BFILE attributes.

ORA-24052 cannot propagate object type payloads with LOB attributes to an 8.0 release

    Cause: The recipient of a message with LOB attributes was using an Oracle 8.0 release. Propagation of LOB attributes is supported only in Oracle 8.1 and higher releases.

    Action: Upgrade the target release to Oracle 8.1 and retry. Or, change the object type definition to one that does not use LOBs.

ORA-24053 PRIMARY_INSTANCE and SECONDARY_INSTANCE must be non-negative

    Cause: One of PRIMARY_INSTANCE or SECONDARY_INSTANCE was negative.

    Action: Specify non-negative integers for PRIMARY_INSTANCE and SECONDARY_INSTANCE.

ORA-24054 cannot propagate to an Oracle 8.0.3 release or lower release

    Cause: The recipient of a message was using an Oracle 8.0.3 release or lower release. Propagation is supported only in Oracle 8.0.4 and higher releases.

    Action: Upgrade the target release to Oracle 8.0.4 or higher and retry.

ORA-24055 cannot delete propagation status rows that are in prepared state

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the internal administration procedure to delete status rows from the SYS.AQ$_PROPAGATION_STATUS table that were in the prepared state.

    Action: Wait for the propagation to complete successfully before retrying the operation.

ORA-24056 internal inconsistency for QUEUE string and destination string

    Cause: The sequence numbers used in the SYS.AQ$_PROPAGATION_STATUS table were inconsistent for the given queue and destination.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24057 cannot define subscriber with rule for queue string

    Cause: An ADD_SUBSCRIBER or ALTER_SUBSCRIBER procedure with a rule was issued on a queue for which rule based subscribers are not supported. Rule based subscribers currently are supported only for NORMAL (persistent) multi-consumer queues created using an Oracle release 8.1.0 or higher compatible queue table.

    Action: Create a NORMAL multi-consumer queue in an Oracle release 8.1.0 or higher compatible queue table, and retry the call. Or, if the queue is a normal (persistent) multi-consumer queue, convert the queue table to Oracle 8.1.0 or higher compatibility and retry.

ORA-24058 cannot downgrade QUEUE_TABLE that has propagation in a prepared state

    Cause: An attempt was made to downgrade the queue table when there were messages being propagated that were in the prepared state.

    Action: Wait for the propagation to complete before retrying the operation.

ORA-24059 invalid COMPATIBLE parameter setting string specified in DBMS_AQADM.string

    Cause: An invalid compatible parameter was specified in the DBMS_AQADM procedure. The parameter setting must be of the form '8.x.y' where x is the release number and y is the update number.

    Action: Specify a valid COMPATIBLE parameter setting, and retry the operation.

ORA-24060 cannot convert QUEUE_TABLE, string already is compatible with release string

    Cause: The source queue table in the DBMS_AQADM procedure is compatible with the specified COMPATIBLE parameter setting.

    Action: Choose a different COMPATIBLE parameter setting to convert the queue table to the desired compatibility.

ORA-24061 cannot specify non-zero SECONDARY_INSTANCE if PRIMARY_INSTANCE was zero

    Cause: A non-zero value was specified for SECONDARY_INSTANCE when PRIMARY_INSTANCE was zero.

    Action: Specify a non-zero primary instance before you specify a non-zero secondary instance.

ORA-24062 Subscriber table string inconsistent with queue table string

    Cause: The subscriber table has not yet been successfully imported.

    Action: Import the subscriber table before attempting to use the queue table. If the import failed, correct the problem and try to import the subscriber table again.

ORA-24063 cannot downgrade QUEUE_TABLE that has queues with rule-based subscribers

    Cause: An attempt was made to downgrade the queue table when there were queues on which rule-based subscribers are defined.

    Action: Remove the rule-based subscribers for all queues in this queue table and retry.

ORA-24064 propagation for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string already enabled

    Cause: An ENABLE_SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION command was issued for a queue and destination pair whose propagation schedule already was enabled.

    Action: Make sure the QUEUE and DESTINATION are correct when you issue the ENABLE_SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION command.

ORA-24065 propagation for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string already disabled

    Cause: A DISABLE_SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION command was issued for a queue and destination pair whose propagation schedule already was disabled.

    Action: Make sure the QUEUE and DESTINATION are correct when you issue the DISABLE_SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION command.

ORA-24066 invalid privilege specified

    Cause: An invalid privilege is specified for granting or revoking privilege.

    Action: Specify a valid privilege.

ORA-24067 exceeded maximum number of subscribers for queue string

    Cause: An attempt was made to add new subscribers to the specified, but the number of subscribers for this queue has exceeded the maximum number (1024) of subscribers allowed per queue.

    Action: Remove existing subscribers before trying to add new subscribers.

ORA-24068 cannot start queue string, queue table string is being migrated

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a queue in a queue table that is being migrated.

    Action: Complete the queue table migration, and retry the operation.

ORA-24069 cannot downgrade queue table string while it is being upgraded

    Cause: An attempt was made to downgrade a queue table, but a previous command to upgrade the queue table has not yet completed successfully.

    Action: Complete the upgrade of the queue table by re-executing the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure. Then, downgrade the queue table.

ORA-24070 cannot upgrade queue table string while it is being downgraded

    Cause: An attempt was made to upgrade a queue table, but a previous command to downgrade the queue table has not yet completed successfully.

    Action: Complete the downgrade of the queue table by re-executing the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure. Then, upgrade the queue table.

ORA-24071 cannot perform operation string, queue table string is being migrated

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an operation on a queue in a queue table that is being migrated.

    Action: Complete the queue table migration, and retry the operation.

ORA-24072 cannot execute MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure; must own queue table

    Cause: An attempt was made to upgrade or downgrade a queue table using the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure, but the user who executed the procedure does not own the queue.

    Action: Reconnect as the owner of the queue table, and then execute the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure.

ORA-24073 cannot specify RETENTION_TIME on exception queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or alter an exception queue by specifying a non-zero RETENTION_TIME.

    Action: Use the default RETENTION_TIME parameter value for exception queues.

ORA-24074 RETRY_DELAY and MAX_RETRIES cannot be used for exception queue string

    Cause: The CREATE_QUEUE or ALTER_QUEUE command was issued with a non-zero RETRY_DELAY and an exception queue.

    Action: Do not specify RETRY_DELAY or MAX_RETRIES for exception queues.

ORA-24075 cannot specify agent with NULL address and non-NULL protocol

    Cause: An ADD_SUBSCRIBER or enqueue was attempted with an agent that had a NULL address and a non-NULL protocol.

    Action: Either specify a non-NULL address or set the protocol to NULL.

ORA-24076 cannot perform operation string for NON_PERSISTENT queue string.string

    Cause: One of the operations, SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION, ALTER_QUEUE, LISTEN, DEQUEUE was issued for a NON_PERSISTENT queue.

    Action: Do not specify a NON_PERSISTENT queue for these operations.

ORA-24077 cannot create propagation schedule for EXCEPTION queue string.string

    Cause: A SCHEDULE_PROPAGATION was issued for an EXCEPTION queue. Propagation schedules can be created only for NORMAL queues.

    Action: To propagate messages from a queue, specify the queue type as NORMAL.

ORA-24078 cannot specify a non-NULL SECONDARY_INSTANCE if PRIMARY_INSTANCE was NULL

    Cause: A non-NULL value was specified for SECONDARY_INSTANCE when PRIMARY_INSTANCE was NULL.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL primary instance before you specify a non-NULL secondary instance.

ORA-24079 invalid name string, names with AQ$_ prefix are not valid for string

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a reserved prefix for the object name.

    Action: Enter a different name for this object. Then, retry the operation.

ORA-24080 unschedule_propagation pending for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string

    Cause: A propagation administration command was issued for a queue and destination pair whose propagation is being unscheduled.

    Action: Do not issue propagation administration commands for a propagation schedule on which there is a pending unschedule request.

ORA-24081 compatible parameter needs to be string or greater

    Cause: The value of the COMPATIBLE parameter was not high enough to allow the operation.

    Action: Shut down and restart with a higher compatibility setting.

ORA-24082 propagation may still be happening for the schedule for QUEUE string and DESTINATION string

    Cause: The snapshot process executing the propagation schedule did not respond to the disable propagation command.

    Action: Make sure that the job for the propagation schedule has been ended.

ORA-24083 cannot specify remote subscribers for string QUEUE string

    Cause: An ADD_SUBSCRIBER call with a non-null address field was issued on a queue which does not support remote subscribers. Remote subscribers are not supported for NON_PERSISTENT QUEUES.

    Action: Specify a null address field and retry the call.

ORA-24084 DBLINK name in address field of agent string is not unique within the first 24 bytes"

    Cause: Advanced Queuing requires that the agent's DBLINK name should be unique within the first 24 bytes (for 8.0 compatible queue tables)

    Action: Specify a DBLINK name that is unique within the first 24 bytes or migrate to 8.1 compatible queue tables where this restriction is not there.

ORA-24085 operation failed, queue string is invalid

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue, dequeue or administer a queue which is invalid. This could have occurred because the payload type of the queue's queue table was dropped.

    Action: Drop the queue table setting the force option to true.

ORA-24086 cannot create an 8.0 compatible string queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an 8.0 compatible queue table and enable a feature that is supported only on 8.1 style queue tables.

    Action: This feature is not supported.

ORA-24087 Invalid database user string

    Cause: An invalid database username was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid database user.

ORA-24088 AQ Agent string does not exist

    Cause: This AQ Agent does not exist.

    Action: Specify a valid AQ agent. Check the DBA_AQ_AGENTS view for a list of valid aq agents.

ORA-24089 AQ Agent string already exists

    Cause: This AQ agent has already been created.

    Action: Specify another agent name or use the ALTER api to modify the agent.

ORA-24090 at least one protocol must be enabled

    Cause: No protocol was enabled for aq agent.

    Action: Enable one of the protocols by setting one of the enable parameters to true.

ORA-24093 AQ agent string not granted privileges of database user string

    Cause: The specified AQ agent does not have privileges of the specified database user.

    Action: Specify a valid combination of AQ agent and database user. Check the DBA_AQ_AGENT_PRIVS or USER_AQ_AGENT_PRIVS view for user/agent mappings.

ORA-24094 invalid transformation, target type does not match that of the queue

    Cause: The target type of the transformation specified was different from the type of the queue.

    Action: Provide a valid transformation whose target type is the same as the queue type.

ORA-24095 invalid transformation, source type does not match that of the queue

    Cause: The source type of the transformation specified was different from the type of the queue.

    Action: Provide a valid transformation whose source type is the same as the queue type.

ORA-24096 invalid message state specified

    Cause: Invalid value was specified for message state.

    Action: Provide a valid message state as specified in the documentation.

ORA-24097 Invalid value string, string should be non-negative

    Cause: A negative value or NULL was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Specify a non-negative integer.

ORA-24098 invalid value string for string

    Cause: An Invalid value or NULL was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Check the documentation for valid values.

ORA-24099 operation not allowed for 8.0 compatible queues

    Cause: The specified operation is only supported for queues with compatibility equal to 8.1 or higher.

    Action: Upgrade the 8.0 compatible queue to release 8.1 using DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE or specify a queue with compatibility euqal to 8.1 or higher.

ORA-24100 error in ktz testing layer

    Cause: There is an error in the Transaction layer test ICDs.

ORA-24120 invalid string parameter passed to DBMS_REPAIR.string procedure

    Cause: An invalid parameter was passed to the specified DBMS_REPAIR procedure.

    Action: Specify a valid parameter value or use the parameter's default.

ORA-24121 both cascade and a block range passed to DBMS_REPAIR.CHECK_OBJECT procedure

    Cause: Both cascade and a block range were specified in a call to DBMS_REPAIR.CHECK_OBJECT.

    Action: Use either cascade or a block range, or do not use either one.

ORA-24122 invalid block range specification

    Cause: An incorrect block range was specified.

    Action: Specify correct values for the BLOCK_START and BLOCK_END parameters.

ORA-24123 feature string is not yet implemented

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the specified feature, but the feature is not yet implemented.

    Action: Do not attempt to use the feature.

ORA-24124 invalid ACTION parameter passed to DBMS_REPAIR.string procedure

    Cause: An invalid ACTION parameter was specified.

    Action: Specify CREATE_ACTION, PURGE_ACTION or DROP_ACTION for the ACTION parameter.

ORA-24125 Object string.string has changed

    Cause: An attempt was made to fix corrupt blocks on an object that has been dropped or truncated since DBMS_REPAIR.CHECK_OBJECT was run.

    Action: Use DBMS_REPAIR.ADMIN_TABLES to purge the repair table and run DBMS_REPAIR.CHECK_OBJECT to determine whether there are any corrupt blocks to be fixed.

ORA-24126 invalid CASCADE_FLAG passed to DBMS_REPAIR.string procedure

    Cause: CASCADE_FLAG was specified for an object that is not a table.

    Action: Use CASCADE_FLAG only for tables.

ORA-24127 TABLESPACE parameter specified with an ACTION other than CREATE_ACTION

    Cause: The TABLESPACE parameter can only be used with CREATE_ACTION.

    Action: Do not specify TABLESPACE when performing actions other than CREATE_ACTION.

ORA-24128 partition name specified for a non-partitioned object

    Cause: A partition name was specified for an object that is not partitioned.

    Action: Specify a partition name only if the object is partitioned.

ORA-24129 table name string does not start with string prefix

    Cause: An attempt was made to pass a table name parameter without the specified prefix.

    Action: Pass a valid table name parameter.

ORA-24130 table string does not exist

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a map, repair, or sync table that does not exist.

    Action: Specify a valid table name parameter.

ORA-24131 table string has incorrect columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a map, repair, or sync table that does not have a correct definition.

    Action: Specify a table name that refers to a properly created table.

ORA-24132 table name string is too long

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a table name is greater than 30 characters long.

    Action: Specify a valid table name parameter.

ORA-24141 rule set string.string does not exist

    Cause: An attempt to access or modify a ruleset was made, which failed because the ruleset does not exist.

    Action: Only access or modify existing rulesets.

ORA-24142 invalid ruleset name

    Cause: An attempt to create a ruleset with an invalid name was made. The ruleset name cannot be NULL, and cannot be more than 26 characters, unless a RULES_TABLE_NAME is also specified, in which case the ruleset name may be up to 30 characters.

    Action: Retry the create with a valid ruleset name.

ORA-24143 invalid evaluation context name

    Cause: An attempt to create a rule/ruleset on an invalid evaluation name was made. The evaluation_context can not be more than 30 characters. The evaluation context with the name specified must exist.

    Action: Retry the create with a valid evaluation context name.

ORA-24144 rules engine internal error, arguments: [string], [string]

    Cause: An internal error occurred in the rules engine. This indicates that the rules engine has encountered an exception condition.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services. The first argument is the error and the second argument is the package.

ORA-24145 evaluation context string.string already exists

    Cause: An evaluation context of the given name already exists.

    Action: Specify another name for the evaluation context being created.

ORA-24146 rule string.string already exists

    Cause: A rule of the given name already exists.

    Action: Specify another name for the rule being created.

ORA-24147 rule string.string does not exist

    Cause: The rule of the given name does not exist.

    Action: Create the rule or specify one that exists.

ORA-24148 cannot drop rule string.string with dependents

    Cause: The rule still belongs to some rulesets, cannot be dropped.

    Action: Do not drop a rule that belongs to rulesets without force option.

ORA-24149 invalid rule name

    Cause: An attempt to create a rule with an invalid name was made.

    Action: The rule name can not be NULL, and can not be more than 30 characters.

ORA-24150 evaluation context string.string does not exist

    Cause: The evaluation context of the given name does not exist.

    Action: Create the evaluation context or specify one that exists.

ORA-24151 no evaluation context is associated with rule string.string or rule set string.string

    Cause: When adding a rule to a rule set, either the rule or the rule set must have an evaluation context associated with it.

    Action: Do not add a rule without an evaluation context to a ruleset that does not have a default evaluation context.

ORA-24152 cannot drop evaluation context string.string with dependents

    Cause: The evaluation context still belongs to some rules or rule sets, cannot be dropped.

    Action: Do not drop an evaluation context with dependents without force option.

ORA-24153 rule set string.string already exists

    Cause: A rule set of the given name already exists.

    Action: Specify another name for the rule set being created.

ORA-24154 rule string.string already in rule set string.string

    Cause: A rule can be added to a rule set only once.

    Action: Do not add a rule to a rule set that already contains this rule.

ORA-24155 rule string.string not in rule set string.string

    Cause: The rule to be removed from the rule set is not in the rule set.

    Action: Do not remove a rule from a rule set that does not contain the rule.

ORA-24156 duplicate table alias string

    Cause: There is a table alias of the same name in the evaluation context.

    Action: Do not add two table aliases of the same name to an evaluation context.

ORA-24157 duplicate variable name string

    Cause: There is a variable of the same name in the evaluation context.

    Action: Do not add two variables of the same name to an evaluation context.

ORA-24158 invalid table alias

    Cause: Table alias name or base table name is not specified in the table alias definition.

    Action: Specify both alias name and alias base table in the table alias structure.

ORA-24159 invalid variable definition

    Cause: Variable name or variable type is not specified in the variable definition.

    Action: Specify both variable name and variable type in the variable definition structure.

ORA-24160 name string already exists in the name value pair list

    Cause: There is already a name-value pair with the same name in the NVlist.

    Action: Try another name.

ORA-24161 name string does not exist in the name value pair list

    Cause: There is not such a name-value pair in the NVlist.

    Action: Check that the name-value pair exists in the NVList.

ORA-24162 name value pair list is full, cannot add another entry

    Cause: The NVList is full (1024 elements) and cannot hold more elements.

    Action: Do not add elements to a full list.

ORA-24163 dblink is not supported in rules engine DDLs

    Cause: The object name has a database link in it, which is not supported.

    Action: Do not specify remote objects in rules engine DDLs.

ORA-24164 invalid rule engine system privilege: string

    Cause: No such system privilege number for rule engine objects.

    Action: Check specification of dbms_rule_adm for valid system privilege numbers.

ORA-24165 invalid rule engine object privilege: string

    Cause: No such object privilege number for rule engine objects.

    Action: Check specification of dbms_rule_adm for valid object privilege numbers.

ORA-24166 evaluation context string.string has errors

    Cause: Cannot resolve the table aliases and the variable types specified in the evaluation context.

    Action: Make sure all base tables exist and all variable types are correct.

    Action: ORA-24167 incompatible rule engine objects, cannot downgrade

    Cause: There are rule engine objects in the database that cannot be downgraded.

    Action: Check utlincmp.sql and remove all incompatible rules engine objects before downgrading.

ORA-24168 rule string.string cannot have default evaluation context

    Cause: If a rule is added to a rule set with more than one evaluation context, then it must not have an evaluation context itself.

    Action: Do not set the evaluation context of such rules to a non-null value.

ORA-24169 rule condition has unrecognized variables

    Cause: The rule references variables not in the evaluation context.

    Action: Modify the rule condition to remove illegal reference.

ORA-24180 invalid transformation expression, the transformation expression does not evaluate to the target type/attribute

    Cause: The transformation expression does not evaluate to the target type or the target type's specified attribute.

    Action: Provide valid transformation expression which evaluates to the target type or the target type's specified attribute.

ORA-24181 The type string does not exist

    Cause: The source or destination type for the transformation does not exist

    Action: Create the type or specify one that exists.

ORA-24182 attribute number specified does not exist

    Cause: The target type of the transformation does not have the attribute number specified in the ADD_ATTRIBUTE_TRANSFORMATION command.

    Action: check the target type definition and specify a valid attribute number.

ORA-24183 invalid transformation

    Cause: The transformation specified is invalid because the source or the target type have been dropped/modified.

    Action: Drop and recreate the transformation.

ORA-24184 transformation string.string, already exists

    Cause: A transformation of the given name already exists.

    Action: Specify another name for the transformation being created.

ORA-24185 Transformation string.string, does not exist

    Cause: The transformation being specified does not exist.

    Action: Create the transformation before using it or specify an existing transformation.

ORA-24186 wrong object type, could not transform message

    Cause: The object type of the message to be transformed does not match the source type of the specified transfomation.

    Action: Specify another transformation or specify a message of the correct type.

ORA-24190 length of payload excceeds string

    Cause: The length of payload being taken excceeds the limit of varchar2 or raw.

    Action: Use clob type or blob type to call get_text or get_bytes.

ORA-24191 the property name string has existed

    Cause: The property name being set has existed.

    Action: Use another property name.

ORA-24192 the property name cannot be null

    Cause: The property name cannot be null.

    Action: Make sure the property name is not null.

ORA-24193 the property value exceeds the valid range string

    Cause: The property values being set exceeds the valid range.

    Action: Make sure the property value is within the valid range.

ORA-24201 duplicate publisher, publisher already added to the queue

    Cause: Attempted to add a publisher to the queue again.

    Action: Specify another publisher or use DBMS_AQADM.ALTER_PUBLISHER to alter the publisher's properties.

ORA-24202 publisher does not exist for the queue

    Cause: Attempted to alter or drop a non existent publisher from a queue.

    Action: Specify another publisher.

ORA-24270 a row already exists in the string table for these parameters

    Cause: A call was made to create a new row in the specified table. A row already exists in the table with the specified values.

    Action: Delete the existing row using the appropriate API or check the parameters used to create the row.

ORA-24271 translation type must be either T, S or M

    Cause: The translation type parameter is not a T, S or an M. A value other than T, S or M was specified.

    Action: Correct the translation type and re-execute the API call.

ORA-24272 initialization value must be either F or T

    Cause: The initialization value must be either F or T. A value other than F or T was specified.

    Action: Correct the initialization value and re-execute the API call.

ORA-24273 translation text is required if translation type is T or S

    Cause: If a translation type of T or S is specified, translation text must be supplied.

    Action: Provide translation text and re-execute the API call.

ORA-24274 no row exists in the string table for these parameters

    Cause: A call was made to update a row that does not exist or a foreign key value supplied to create a table does not exist.

    Action: Create the row using the appropriate API or check the parameters used to create the new row to ensure that all specified values exist.

ORA-24275 function 'string' parameter 'string' missing or invalid

    Cause: The function pkgname.funcname was called with a parameter parmname that was null, 0 length, or had an invalid value.

    Action: Correct the parameter to supply values that comply with its datatype and limits as specified in the documentation.

ORA-24276 function 'string' output 'string' maximum value exceeded

    Cause: The function pkgname.funcname computed a value for the output parmname that exceeded the maximum allowed. This can occur when multiple input parameters, each valid separately, combine to specify an invalid result. For example, when a length parameter multiplied by a copies parameter yields a total length exceeding the maximum for the output datatype.

    Action: Correct the input values to produce a result that will comply with the limits as specified in the documentation.

ORA-24280 invalid input value for parameter string

    Cause: The parameter has been provided a negative, out of range, or NULL input value.

    Action: Correct the input value such that it is valid, and is within the range as specified in the documentation.

ORA-24281 invalid access past the maximum size of LOB parameter string

    Cause: The value of positional or size parameters exceeds the maximum allowed LOB size of 4 Gigabytes.

    Action: Correct the input values for amount and offset such that their sum is less than or equal to 4 Gigabytes. If error occurs in a read or write loop, check the looping conditions and/or offset increments.

ORA-24300 bad value for mode

    Cause: An undefined mode value was specified.

    Action: Check that the correct mode is selected and that an allowed value for that mode is specified.

ORA-24301 null host specified in thread-safe logon

    Cause: An HDA was not specified in the logon call while running in a thread safe environment.

    Action: Make sure that HDA is not NULL when calling the logon routine.

ORA-24302 host connection in use by another thread

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the host connection while it was in use by another thread.

    Action: Wait for another thread to finish before using this connection.

ORA-24303 call not supported in non-deferred linkage

    Cause: One of the calls that is supported in deferred mode linkage exclusively was invoked when the client was linked non-deferred.

    Action: Use this call in deferred mode of linkage.

ORA-24304 datatype not allowed for this call

    Cause: Data of this datatype cannot be sent or fetched in pieces.

    Action: Use other bind or define calls for this datatype.

ORA-24305 bad bind or define context

    Cause: The call was executed on a cursor for which this is invalid.

    Action: Verify that this call is valid for this cursor. For example, Get piece information and set piece information are valid on a cursor if appropriate binds and defines have been done on this cursor.

ORA-24306 bad buffer for piece

    Cause: A zero length buffer or a null buffer pointer was provided.

    Action: Verify that the buffer pointing to this piece or its length is non-zero. The buffer pointer for the next piece or its length can be zero if it is the last piece to be inserted and there are no more data for the column.

ORA-24307 invalid length for piece

    Cause: The length of the piece exceeded the maximum possible size.

    Action: Verify that the length of this piece and the cumulative length of all the previous pieces is not more than the desired value supplied by the application.

ORA-24308 illegal define position

    Cause: Call to modify attributes was done for a non-existent position.

    Action: Verify that a define has been done for this position.

ORA-24309 already connected to a server

    Cause: This server handle is already attached to a server.

    Action: Disconnect from the server and then retry the call to establish a connection.

ORA-24310 length specified for null connect string

    Cause: The connect string is null, but a length was specified for it.

    Action: Set length to zero if connect string is null.

ORA-24311 memory initialization failed

    Cause: Cannot initialize user memory.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24312 illegal parameters specified for allocating user memory

    Cause: An illegal size or null pointer was specified for user memory.

    Action: Specify a legal size and a valid pointer for user memory.

ORA-24313 user already authenticated

    Cause: A user has already been authenticated on this service handle.

    Action: Terminate the service context before using it for another user.

ORA-24314 service handle not initialized

    Cause: The server context does not done exist.

    Action: Establish the server context in the service context.

ORA-24315 illegal attribute type

    Cause: An illegal attribute type was specified for the handle.

    Action: Consult the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide to specify an attribute valid for this handle.

ORA-24316 illegal handle type

    Cause: An illegal handle type was specified.

    Action: Consult the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide to specify a valid handle type.

ORA-24317 define handle used in a different position

    Cause: A define was done with an existing handle on a different position.

    Action: Specify the same position as before on a redefine.

ORA-24318 call not allowed for scalar data types

    Cause: This call is valid only for object types.

    Action: Verify that the data-type for this variable is an object type.

ORA-24319 unable to allocate memory

    Cause: Process was unable to allocate memory to store diagnostics.

    Action: Terminate other processes in order to reclaim needed memory.

ORA-24320 unable to initialize a mutex

    Cause: An attempt to initialize a MUTEX failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24321 inconsistent parameters passed

    Cause: One of the three memory function pointers is null or non-null.

    Action: Verify that either all the memory functions are null or non-null.

ORA-24322 unable to delete an initialized mutex

    Cause: An attempt to delete an initialized MUTEX failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24323 value not allowed

    Cause: A null or invalid value was passed in for a mandatory parameter.

    Action: Verify that all mandatory parameters are properly initialized.

ORA-24324 service handle not initialized

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an improper service context handle.

    Action: Verify that the service context handle has all the parameters initialized prior to this call.

ORA-24325 this OCI operation is not currently allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a context handle outside its scope.

    Action: Verify that the context handle is set to a service context handle that has been converted to a logon data area for other OCI calls. The logon data area must be converted back to a service context before it can be used.

ORA-24326 handle passed in is already initialized

    Cause: An attempt was made to pass an initialized handle.

    Action: Verify that the parameter passed in to retrieve a handle does not already point to a handle.

ORA-24327 need explicit attach before authenticating a user

    Cause: A server context must be initialized before creating a session.

    Action: Create and initialize a server handle.

ORA-24328 illegal attribute value

    Cause: The attribute value passed in is illegal.

    Action: Consult the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide and specify a legal attribute value for the handle.

ORA-24329 invalid character set identifier

    Cause: The character set identifier specified is invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid character set identifier in the OCI call.

ORA-24330 internal OCI error

    Cause: An internal OCI error has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24331 user buffer too small

    Cause: The user buffer to contain the output data is too small.

    Action: Specify a bigger buffer.

ORA-24332 invalid object type

    Cause: An invalid object type is requested for the describe call.

    Action: Specify a valid object type to the describe call.

ORA-24333 zero iteration count

    Cause: An iteration count of zero was specified for the statement.

    Action: Specify the number of times this statement must be executed.

ORA-24334 no descriptor for this position

    Cause: The application is trying to get a descriptor from a handle for an illegal position.

    Action: Check the position number.

ORA-24335 cannot support more than 1000 columns

    Cause: The number of columns exceeds the maximum number supported.

    Action: Specify a number of columns less than 1000.

ORA-24336 invalid result set descriptor

    Cause: The result set descriptor should have valid data fetched into it before it can be converted to a statement handle.

    Action: Fetch valid data into the descriptor before attempting to convert it into a statement handle.

ORA-24337 statement handle not prepared

    Cause: A statement cannot be executed before making preparing a request.

    Action: Prepare a statement before attempting to execute it.

ORA-24338 statement handle not executed

    Cause: A fetch or describe was attempted before executing a statement handle.

    Action: Execute a statement and then fetch or describe the data.

ORA-24339 cannot set server group name after connecting to server

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the server group in a server handle after connecting to the server. However, once the connection is established to a server, the server group name cannot be set anymore.

    Action: Attach to the server after setting the server group name in the server handle.

ORA-24340 cannot support more than 255 columns

    Cause: The number of columns exceeds maximum supported by the server.

    Action: Limit your operation to 255 columns.

ORA-24341 bad mode specified

    Cause: OCI_ENV_NO_MUTEX mode was specified for a non-threaded client.

    Action: OCI_ENV_NO_MUTEX may be specified when OCI_THREADED had been specified at process initialization.

ORA-24342 unable to destroy a mutex

    Cause: An attempt to destroy a MUTEX failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24343 user defined callback error

    Cause: The only valid return value for a user defined callback function is OCI_CONTINUE. Any other value will cause this error.

    Action: Make sure that OCI_CONTINUE is returned from the user-defined callback function.

ORA-24344 success with compilation error

    Cause: A SQL or PL/SQL compilation error occurred.

    Action: Return OCI_SUCCESS_WITH_INFO along with the error code.

ORA-24345 A Truncation or null fetch error occurred

    Cause: A truncation or a null fetch error.

    Action: Make sure that the buffer size is long enough to store the returned data.

ORA-24346 cannot execute without binding variables

    Cause: None of the bind variables in the SQL statement are bound.

    Action: Bind all the variables before the execute is done.

ORA-24347 Warning of a NULL column in an aggregate function

    Cause: A null column was processed by an aggregate function.

    Action: An OCI_SUCCESS_WITH_INFO is returned.

ORA-24348 Update or Delete without Where

    Cause: An UPDATE or DELETE was executed without a WHERE clause.

    Action: An OCI_SUCCESS_WITH_INFO is returned.

ORA-24350 OCI call not allowed

    Cause: OCI used is not permitted from external procedures.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle Call Interface Programmer's Guide for usage restrictions.

ORA-24351 invalid date passed into OCI call

    Cause: A bad date was passed into one of the OCI calls.

    Action: Check your date bind values and correct them.

ORA-24352 invalid COBOL display type passed into OCI call

    Cause: A bad COBOL display type was passed into one of the OCI calls.

    Action: Check your COBOL display type bind values and correct them.

ORA-24353 user buffer too small to accommodate COBOL display type

    Cause: User supplied buffer for a COBOL display type was too small to accommodate fetched number.

    Action: Increase the allocation for COBOL display type buffer.

ORA-24354 number fetched too large to fit in COBOL display type buffer.

    Cause: The number fetched was beyond the range that can be displayed.

    Action: Check the number in the database.

ORA-24355 attempt to store a negative number in an Unsigned Display type.

    Cause: An attempt was made to convert a negative number into an unsigned display type.

    Action: Check the number in the database or change the defined datatype.

ORA-24356 internal error while converting from to COBOL display type.

    Cause: An internal error was encountered during conversion to COBOL display type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24357 internal error while converting from to OCIDate.

    Cause: An internal error was encountered during conversion to OCIDate type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24358 OCIBindObject not invoked for a Object type or Reference

    Cause: OCIBindObject was not invoked resulting in an incomplete bind specification for a Object Type or Reference.

    Action: Invoke the OCIBindObject call for all Object Types and References.

ORA-24359 OCIDefineObject not invoked for a Object type or Reference

    Cause: OCIDefineObject was not invoked resulting in an incomplete bind specification for a Object Type or Reference.

    Action: Invoke the OCIDefineObject call for all Object Types and References.

ORA-24360 Type Descriptor Object not specified for Object Bind/Define

    Cause: Type Descriptor Object is a mandatory parameter for Object Types Binds and Defines.

    Action: Invoke the OCIBindObject() or OCIDefineObject() call with a valid Type Descriptor Object.

ORA-24361 basic bind call not invoked before invoking advanced bind call

    Cause: One of the basic bind calls was not invoked on this bind handle before performing an advanced bind call.

    Action: Invoke the advanced bind call on this bind handle only after performing a basic bind call.

ORA-24362 improper use of the character count flag

    Cause: When the character count flag is set, then the maximum size of the buffer in the server should be specified as a non-zero value.

    Action: Use a non-zero value for the maximum size of the buffer in the server.

ORA-24363 measurements in characters illegal here

    Cause: Measurements in characters instead of bytes are illegal if either the server's or client's character set is varying width.

    Action: If either the client's or server's character set is varying width then do not use the OCI_ATTR_CHAR_COUNT attribute for the bind handle. Use OCI_ATTR_MAXDATA_SIZE instead.

ORA-24364 internal error while padding blanks

    Cause: An internal error has occurred while attempting to blank pad string data. This error should not occur normally.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24365 error in character conversion

    Cause: This usually occurs during conversion of a multibyte character data when the source data is abnormally terminated in the middle of a multibyte character.

    Action: Make sure that all multibyte character data is properly terminated.

ORA-24366 migratable user handle is set in service handle

    Cause: This occurs during user authentication, a migratable user handle has been set in the service handle.

    Action: Service handle must not be set with migratable user handle when it is used to authenticate another user.

ORA-24367 user handle has not been set in service handle

    Cause: This occurs during authentication of a migratable user. the service handle has not been set with non-migratable user handle.

    Action: Service handle must be set with non-migratable user handle when it is used to authenticate a migratable user.

ORA-24368 OCI mutex counter non-zero when freeing a handle

    Cause: This is an internal OCI error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24369 required callbacks not registered for one or more bind handles

    Cause: No callbacks have been registered for one or more of the bind handles which are part of the RETURNING clause.

    Action: The bind handles which are to receive data in a DML statement with a RETURNING clause must have their mode set as DATA_AT_EXEC and callback functions must be registered for these bind handles using OCIBindDynamic.

ORA-24370 illegal piecewise operation attempted

    Cause: Data of a certain datatype that does not support piecewise operation is being sent or fetched in pieces.

    Action: Always set the piece value to OCI_ONE_PIECE for datatypes that does not support piecewise operation.

ORA-24371 data would not fit in current prefetch buffer

    Cause: An internal OCI error has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24372 invalid object for describe

    Cause: The object to be described is not valid. It either has compilation or authorization errors.

    Action: The object to be described must be valid.

ORA-24373 invalid length specified for statement

    Cause: The length specified for the statement is either 0 or too large.

    Action: Specify a valid length for the statement.

ORA-24374 define not done before fetch or execute and fetch

    Cause: The application did not define output variables for data being fetched before issuing a fetch call or invoking a fetch by specifying a non-zero row count in an execute call.

    Action: Issue OCI define calls for the columns to be fetched.

ORA-24375 Cannot use V6 syntax when talking to a V8 server

    Cause: V6 syntax is no longer supported in V8 server.

    Action: Change syntax to V7 syntax or higher.

ORA-24376 cannot register/get user callback for non-environment handle

    Cause: A user callback registration or get was attempted on a handle which is not an environment handle.

    Action: Pass the environment handle to register/get user callback.

ORA-24377 invalid OCI function code

    Cause: An invalid function code was used to register or get user callback.

    Action: Use a valid OCI function code.

ORA-24378 user callbacks not allowed for this call

    Cause: An attempt was made to register a user callback for an OCI call for which it not allowed to register user callbacks.

    Action: Do not register user callback for this OCI call.

ORA-24379 invalid user callback type

    Cause: An invalid type of user callback was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid user callback type.

ORA-24380 invalid mode specification

    Cause: The mode parameter in an OCIU* call is invalid.

    Action: Use only a valid mode parameter.

ORA-24381 error(s) in array DML

    Cause: One or more rows failed in the DML.

    Action: Refer to the error stack in the error handle.

ORA-24382 statement handled already executed or described

    Cause: The statement handle was executed or described successfully before.

    Action: Perform a OCIStmtPrepare again before OCI_PARSE_ONLY.

ORA-24383 Overflow segment of an IOT cannot be described

    Cause: The name specified in the OCIDescribeAny call referred to an IOT overflow segment.

    Action: Use OCIDescribeAny to describe only documented objects.

ORA-24384 Application context size is not initialized

    Cause: The size of the application context must be initialized before populating each context element.

    Action: Issue OCIAttrSet with OCI_ATTR_CTX_SIZE to initialize context size.

ORA-24385 Application context size or index is not valid

    Cause: The size or index of the application context must be non-zero and non-negative.

    Action: Use an appropriate value for the size.

ORA-24386 statement/server handle is in use when being freed

    Cause: This is an internal OCI error.

    Action: The user should reset in-use flag in statement handle before freeing the handle.

ORA-24387 Invalid attach driver

    Cause: Trying to attach using the wrong driver.

    Action: Relink the application in the correct mode.

ORA-24388 Unsupported functionality in fast path mode

    Cause: Feature not supported in fast path mode.

    Action: Avoid using the functionality in this mode.

ORA-24389 Invalid scrollable fetch parameters

    Cause: All the requested rows in this fetch could not be received.

    Action: Check the fetch orientation, scroll offset, OCI_ATTR_CURRENT_POSITION, and the number of rows in the OCIStmtFetch2 call. If required, change some of the above parameters and fetch again.

ORA-24390 Unsupported scrollable cursor operation

    Cause: The scrollable cursor execute or fetch has failed.

    Action: Check the documentation for supported types, and other restrictions while using scrollable cursors.

ORA-24391 invalid fetch operation

    Cause: Scrollable cursor operation requested with non-scrollable cursor.

    Action: Check if the statement was executed in the scrollable mode. The only acceptable orientation is OCI_FETCH_NEXT that ignores the scroll offset parameter.

ORA-24392 no connection pool to associate server handle

    Cause: OCIServerAttach was called in OCI_POOL mode but no connection pool was found to associate the server handle.

    Action: 1) Verify that OCIConnectionPoolCreate is called before calling OCIServerAttach. 2) Verify that the database link specified in OCIServerAttach matches with that of the connection pool database link.

ORA-24393 invalid mode for creating connection pool

    Cause: The mode specified in OCIConnectionPoolCreate is invalid.

    Action: Use a valid mode.

ORA-24394 invalid mode for destroying connection pool

    Cause: The mode specified in OCIConnectionPoolDestroy is invalid.

    Action: Use a valid mode.

ORA-24395 cannot reinitialize non-existent pool

    Cause: OCIConnectionPoolCreate was not called in OCI_DEFAULT mode for this pool handle.

    Action: Create a connection pool prior to reinitializing it.

ORA-24396 invalid attribute set in server handle

    Cause: Attribute OCI_ATTR_NONBLOCKING_MODE has been set on the server handle and attached in OCI_POOL mode. Connection pooling does not support non blocking mode.

    Action: Do not set the OCI_ATTR_NONBLOCKING_MODE attribute on the server handle while attaching in OCI_POOL mode.

ORA-24397 error occurred while trying to free connections

    Cause: An internal error occurred while trying to free connections.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24398 connection pool already exists

    Cause: A connection pool has already been created for the specified pool handle.

    Action: 1) Specify a different pool handle to create a new connection pool. 2) If you wish to modify the pool parameters, call OCIConnectionPoolCreate in OCI_CPOOL_REINITIALIZE mode.

ORA-24399 invalid number of connections specified

    Cause: An invalid combination of minimum, maximum and increment number of connections was specified in the OCIConnectionPoolCreate call.

    Action: Specify a valid combination of parameters.

ORA-24400 error occurred while creating connections in the pool

    Cause: The database link specified in OCIConnectionPoolCreate might be invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid database link.

ORA-24401 cannot open further connections

    Cause: Sufficient number of connections are not present in the pool to execute the call. No new connections can be opened as the connMax parameter supplied in OCIConnectionPoolCreate has been reached.

    Action: Call OCIConnectionPoolCreate in OCI_CPOOL_REINITIALIZE mode and increase the value of the connMax parameter.

ORA-24402 error occurred while creating connections in the pool

    Cause: The username and password specified in OCIConnectionPoolCreate might be invalid.

    Action: Specify a valid username and password.

ORA-24403 error occurred while trying to destroy the connection pool

    Cause: Some connections in the pool were busy when an attempt to destroy the connection pool was made.

    Action: Ensure no connections from the pool are being used.

ORA-24404 connection pool does not exist

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the connection pool before it was created.

    Action: Create the connection pool.

ORA-24405 error occurred while trying to create connections in the pool

    Cause: An internal error occurred while creating connections in the pool.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24406 API mode switch is disallowed when a call is in progress.

    Cause: A mode switch from OCI8 to OCI7 was attempted in a callback.

    Action: The user should perform the API mode switch either prior to initiating the top call or after the main call has completed.

ORA-24407 connection pool already exists

    Cause: A connection pool has already been created for the specified pool name.

    Action: Specify a different pool name to create a new connection pool.

ORA-24408 could not generate unique server group name

    Cause: An internal error occurred while generating unique server group name.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24409 client cannot understand the object

    Cause: The client cannot process all the new features in the object.

    Action: Upgrade the client so that features like inheritance and SQLJ objects can be used.

ORA-24410 scrollable cursor max size exceeded

    Cause: Result set size exceeded the max limits.

    Action: Check the documentation for allowable maximum result set size for scrollable cursors. Re-execute with a smaller expected result set size or make the cursor non-scrollable.

ORA-24411 Session pool already exists.

    Cause: A session pool has already been created for the specified pool handle.

    Action:

       1. Specify a different pool handle to create a new session pool.
       2. If you wish to modify the pool parameters, then call OCISessionPoolCreate in OCI_SPOOL_REINITIALIZE mode.


ORA-24412 Cannot reinitialize non-existent pool

    Cause: OCISessionPoolCreate was not called in OCI_DEFAULT mode for this pool handle.

    Action: Create a session pool prior to reinitializing it.

ORA-24413 Invalid number of sessions specified

    Cause: An invalid combination of minimum, maximum, and increment number of sessions was specified in the OCISessionPoolCreate call.

    Action: Specify a valid combination of parameters.

ORA-24414 Only number sessions could be started.

    Cause: The number of sessions specified by the minSess parameter of OCISessionPoolCreate could not be started, possibly because the value supplied was larger than that supported by the server.

    Action: This is a warning. Check the maximum number of sessions allowed on the server.

ORA-24415 Missing or null username.

    Cause: Username and password must be specified when pool is created in this mode.

    Action: Specify a valid username and password.

ORA-24416 Invalid session Poolname was specified.

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a Session Pool that does not exist.

    Action: Create a Session Pool before using it.

ORA-24417 Session pool size has exceeded the maximum limit

    Cause: The number of sessions has exceeded the maximum size of the Session Pool.

    Action: This is a warning. You can tune the session pool with appropriate minimum and maximum parameters.

ORA-24418 Cannot open further sessions.

    Cause: Sufficient number of sessions are not present in the pool to execute the call. No new sessions can be opened as the sessMax parameter supplied in OCISessionPoolCreate has been reached.

    Action: Call OCISessionPoolCreate in OCI_SPOOL_REINITIALIZE mode and increase the value of the sessMax parameter.

ORA-24419 Proxy sessions are not supported in this mode.

    Cause: A proxy session was requested from a Session Pool which does not support proxy sessions.

    Action: Do not specify mode OCI_CRED_PROXY.

ORA-24420 OCISessionRelease must be used to release this session.

    Cause: The session was retrieved using OCISessionGet, and an attempt has been made to release it using a call other than OCISessionRelease.

    Action: Call OCISessionRelease.

ORA-24421 OCISessionRelease cannot be used to release this session.

    Cause: The session was not retrieved using OCISessionGet, and an attempt has been made to release it using OCISessionRelease.

    Action: Release the session using an appropriate call.

ORA-24422 error occurred while trying to destroy the Session Pool

    Cause: An attempt was made to destroy the session pool while some sessions in the pool were busy.

    Action: Ensure that no sessions from the pool are being used OR call OCISessionPoolDestroy with mode set to OCI_SPD_FORCE.

ORA-24430 Null values for sqltext and key were specified.

    Cause: An attempt was made to call OCIStmtPrepare2 and neither sqltext nor key were specified.

    Action: Specify valid values for sqltext, key, or both.

ORA-24431 Statement does not exist in the cache

    Cause: The statement that was requested does not exist in the statement cache.

    Action: Request a valid statement.

ORA-24432 The statement that was returned is not tagged.

    Cause: A tagged statement was requested, but an untagged statement has been returned.

    Action: This is a warning. Please modify and tag the statement as desired.

ORA-24433 This statement has already been prepared using OCIStmtPrepare2.

    Cause: A statement that was earlier prepared using OCIStmtPrepare2 is now being reprepared using OCIStmtPrepare.

    Action: Use a different statement handle.

ORA-24434 OCIStmtRelease called before OCIStmtPrepare2.

    Cause: An attempt was made to release a statement without first preparing it using OCIStmtPrepare2.

    Action: Call OCIStmtPrepare2 before OCIStmtRelease.

ORA-24435 Invalid Service Context specified.

    Cause: The statement was prepared using a service context that is different from the one specified in OCIStmtExecute.

    Action: Please specify the same service context that the statement was prepared with.

ORA-24436 Invalid statement Handle.

    Cause: OCIHandleFree called on a statement that was prepared using OCIstmtPrepare2.

    Action: Release the statement using OCIStmtRelease.

ORA-24437 OCIStmtExecute called before OCIStmtPrepare2.

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute a statement without first preparing it using OCIStmtPrepare2.

    Action: Call OCIStmtPrepare2 before OCIStmtExecute.

ORA-24438 Invalid Authentication Handle specified.

    Cause: The statement was prepared using an authentication handle that is different from the one specified in OCIStmtExecute.

ORA-24500 invalid UTF16 mode

    Cause: UTF16 mode is allowed only at environment handle creation time.

    Action: Remove UTF16 mode for functions other than OCIEnvCreate().

ORA-24501 invalid UTF16 string passed in

    Cause: Non-UTF16 string is passed in while UTF16 string is expected.

    Action: Check the parameter which is actually a string.

ORA-24502 codepoint length overflows

    Cause: Returned buffer has more codepoints than allowed.

    Action: Set OCI_MAXCHAR_SIZE large enough to accommodate.

ORA-24503 codepoint length overflows for piecewise operation

    Cause: Accumulated codepoint length exceeds allowed codepoint length.

    Action: Set OCI_MAXCHAR_SIZE large enough to accommodate.

ORA-24504 data length larger than expected

    Cause: Incoming data larger than receiving buffer.

    Action: Set OCI_MAXDATA/OCI_MAXCHAR_SIZE appropriately or remove the setting.

ORA-24505 cannot change character set id on the handle

    Cause: An attempt was made to change character set id on non-environment handles.

    Action: Only try to change character set id on environment handles.

ORA-24506 invalid attempt to change character set id on env handle

    Cause: An attempt was made to change character set id after other handles have been allocated from the env handle.

    Action: Change character set id after creating environment handle but before allocating any handles from it.

ORA-24507 invalid combination of character set ids

    Cause: Attempts to set one character set id as zero.

    Action: Set both charset and ncharset as zero or non-zero in OCIEnvNlsCreate()

ORA-24750 incorrect size of attribute

    Cause: Transaction ID attribute size is incorrect.

    Action: Verify that the size parameter is correct.

ORA-24752 OCI_TRANS_NEW flag must be specified for local transactions

    Cause: Application attempted to start a local transaction without using OCI_TRANS_NEW.

    Action: Use OCI_TRANS_NEW when starting local transactions.

ORA-24753 local transactions cannot be detached

    Cause: An attempt to detach a local transaction was made.

    Action: Local transactions may only be committed or rolled back.

ORA-24754 cannot start new transaction with an active transaction

    Cause: An attempt to start a new transaction was made when there was an active transaction.

    Action: Commit, rollback or detach the existing transaction before starting a new transaction.

ORA-24755 OCI_TRANS_NOMIGRATE, OCI_TRANS_JOIN options are not supported

    Cause: These flags are currently not supported.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24756 transaction does not exist

    Cause: An invalid transaction identifier or context was used or the transaction has completed.

    Action: Supply a valid identifier if the transaction has not completed and retry the call.

ORA-24757 duplicate transaction identifier

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a new transaction with an identifier already in use by an existing transaction.

    Action: Verify that the identifier is not in use.

ORA-24758 not attached to the requested transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach or complete a transaction that is not the current transaction.

    Action: Verify that the transaction context refers to the current transaction.

ORA-24759 invalid transaction start flags

    Cause: An invalid transaction start flag was passed.

    Action: Verify that one of the values OCI_TRANS_NEW, OCI_TRANS_JOIN, or OCI_TRANS_RESUME was specified.

ORA-24760 invalid isolation level flags

    Cause: An invalid isolation level flag was passed.

    Action: Verify that only one of following values - OCI_TRANS_READONLY, OCI_TRANS_READWRITE, OCI_TRANS_SERIALIZABLE is used.

ORA-24761 transaction rolled back

    Cause: The application tried to commit a transaction and the server rolled it back.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24762 server failed due to unspecified error

    Cause: An internal error has occurred in the server commit protocol.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24763 transaction operation cannot be completed now

    Cause: The commit or rollback cannot be performed now because the session cannot switch to the specified transaction.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-24764 transaction branch has been heuristically committed

    Cause: This is an informational message.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24765 transaction branch has been heuristically rolled back

    Cause: This is an informational message.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24766 transaction branch has been partly committed and aborted

    Cause: This is an informational message.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24767 transaction was read-only and has been committed

    Cause: This is an informational message.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24768 commit protocol error occured in the server

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24769 cannot forget an active transaction

    Cause: Transaction identifier refers to an active transaction.

    Action: Verify that the identifier of an active transaction was not passed as an argument.

ORA-24770 cannot forget a prepared transaction

    Cause: Transaction identifier refers to a prepared transaction.

    Action: Verify that the identifier of a prepared transaction was not passed as an argument.

ORA-24771 cannot detach, prepare or forget a local transaction

    Cause: Service handle contains a local transaction context.

    Action: Verify that the transaction context does not refer to a local transaction.

ORA-24772 Cannot mix tightly-coupled and loosely-coupled branches

    Cause: Application attempted to start a transaction with a global transaction identifier and a wrong option.

    Action: Verify that all branches of a global transaction are started with either OCI_TRANS_TIGHT or OCI_TRANS_LOOSE option. If the application is correct and uses distributed updates, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24773 invalid transaction type flags

    Cause: OCI_TRANS_TIGHT or OCI_TRANS_LOOSE mode was not specified.

    Action: Verify that the right parameters are being used.

ORA-24774 cannot switch to specified transaction

    Cause: The transaction specified in the call refers to a transaction created by a different user.

    Action: Create transactions with the same authentication so that they can be switched.

ORA-24775 cannot prepare or commit transaction with non-zero lock value

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach the transaction with a non-zero lock value.

    Action: Detach the transaction with lock value set to zero and then try to prepare or commit the transaction.

ORA-24776 cannot start a new transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a new transaction when session was already attached to an existing transaction.

    Action: End the current transaction before creating a new transaction.

ORA-24777 use of non-migratable database link not allowed

    Cause: The transaction, which needs to be migratable between sessions, tried to access a remote database from a non-multithreaded server process.

    Action: Perform the work in the local database or open a connection to the remote database from the client. If the multithreaded server option is installed, connect to the Oracle instance through the dispatcher.

ORA-24778 cannot open connections

    Cause: The migratable transaction tried to access a remote database when the session itself had opened connections to remote database(s).

    Action: Close the connection(s) in the session and then try to access the remote database from the migratable transaction. If the error still occurs, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24779 detach not allowed with open remote cursor

    Cause: The migratable transaction tried to detach from the current session while an open remote cursor exists.

    Action: Close any open remote cursor prior to detach.

ORA-24780 cannot recover a transaction while in an existing transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to commit or roll back a transaction while in a different transaction, and the transaction for which the action is requested is in a recovery state (this happens if it is idle too long).

    Action: Detach from the current transaction and retry the operation.

ORA-24781 branches don't belong to the same global transaction

    Cause: The list of xids passed into kpotxmp() do not have the same gtrid

ORA-24782 Cannot detach from a non-migratable transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to detach from a non-migrateable transaction.

    Action: Either commit or rollback the transaction.

ORA-24783 Cannot switch non-migratable transactions

    Cause: An attempt was made to prepare/commit a txn different from current.

ORA-24784 Transaction exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to start a transaction, while attached to a non-migrateable transaction.

ORA-24785 Cannot resume a non-migratable transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to resume a non-migrateable transaction.

ORA-24786 separated transaction has been completed

    Cause: The current transaction has been completed by another process.

    Action: Start a new transaction.

ORA-24787 remote cursors must be closed before a call completes

    Cause: The previous operation did not close all the remote cursors it opened. Since separated transactions are enabled, this is not allowed.

    Action: Close all remote cursors in each call, or start a regular (non-separated) transaction.

ORA-24788 cannot switch to specified transaction (server type)

    Cause: The transaction specified was created by a shared server and the requestor is a dedicated server, or the transaction was created by a dedicated server and the requestor is a shared server.

    Action: All parts of this application should connect as dedicated or as shared.

ORA-24790 cannot mix OCI_TRANS_RESUME and transaction isolation flags

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the isolation level of an existing transaction.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-24801 illegal parameter value in OCI lob function

    Cause: One of the parameter values in the OCI LOB function is illegal.

    Action: Check every parameter in the OCI Lob function call to make sure they are correct. Offsets should be greater than or equal to one.

ORA-24802 user defined lob read callback error

    Cause: The only valid return value for a user defined LOB read callback function is OCI_CONTINUE. Any other value will cause this error.

    Action: Verify that OCI_CONTINUE is returned from the user defined LOB read callback function.

ORA-24803 illegal parameter value in lob read function

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: This error should not normally occur. If it persists, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24804 illegal parameter value in lob write function

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: This error should not normally occur. If it persists, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24805 LOB type mismatch

    Cause: When copying or appending LOB locators, both source and destination LOB locators should be of the same type.

    Action: Pass the same type of LOB locators for copying or appending.

ORA-24806 LOB form mismatch

    Cause: When reading from or writing into LOBs, the character set form of the user buffer should be same as that of the LOB.

    Action: Make sure that the buffer you are using to read or write has the same form as that of the LOB.

ORA-24807 LOB form mismatch

    Cause: When copying or appending LOBs, both source and destination LOB locators should have the same character set form.

    Action: Pass locators of the same character set form for copying or appending LOBs.

ORA-24808 streaming of lob data is not allowed when using lob buffering

    Cause: An attempt was made to stream LOB data via the polling mode or a callback when LOB buffering was enabled for the input LOB locator.

    Action: Lob buffering is useful when reading/writing small amounts of LOB data so streaming should not be necessary. Rewrite the OCILobRead/OCILobWrite call so that it does not use streaming. If streaming of data is required, LOB buffering should not be used. In this case, flush buffers associated with the input LOB locator as necessary, disable buffering on the input LOB locator and reissue the OCILobRead/OCILobWrite call.

ORA-24809 amount specified will not fit in the lob buffers

    Cause: LOB buffering is enabled for the input LOB locator so buffering will be used. However, the amount of LOB data to read or write is larger than what the LOB buffers can hold.

    Action: Either disable buffering on the input LOB locator and reissue the command or pass a smaller amount.

ORA-24810 attempting to write more data than indicated

    Cause: While writing into a LOB, more data was supplied than indicated.

    Action: If data is written in pieces, then make sure that you do not provide more data in the pieces (cumulatively), than you indicated.

ORA-24811 less data provided for writing than indicated

    Cause: While writing into a LOB, less data was provided than indicated.

    Action: If writing data in single pieces, then make sure that the buffer length specified is big enough to accommodate the data being provided. If data is written in pieces, then make sure that all the data has been provided before specifying OCI_LAST_PIECE.

ORA-24812 character set conversion to or from UCS2 failed

    Cause: If the database character set is varying-width, the CLOB/NCLOB value is implicitly converted to or from UCS2. This implicit conversion failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24813 cannot send or receive an unsupported LOB

    Cause: An attempt was made to send a LOB across the network, but either the server does not support the LOB sent by the client, or the client does not support the LOB sent by the server. This error usually occurs when the client and server are running different versions of Oracle.

    Action: Use a version of the Oracle that supports the LOB on both the client and the server.

ORA-24814 operation not allowed for temporary LOBs

    Cause: Temporary LOB locators are not allowed in the operation. For example, OCILobAssign only takes persistent LOB locators as parameters, not temporary LOBs.

    Action: Use OCILobLocatorAssign for temporary LOBs instead. Note that OCILobLocatorAssign can also be used for persistent LOBs, in which case it will behave the same as OCILobAssign.

ORA-24850 failed to startup shared subsystem

    Cause: While attempting to initialize OCI in shared mode, a problem was encountered in starting the shared subsystem.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24851 failed to connect to shared subsystem

    Cause: While attempting to initialize OCI in shared mode, a problem was encountered in connecting the process to the shared subsystem.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24852 protocol error during statement execution

    Cause: An internal protocol error occurred while receiving describe data from the server during execution of a statement.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24853 failed to connect thread to shared subsystem

    Cause: While attempting to initialize OCI in shared mode, a problem was encountered in connecting the thread to the shared subsystem.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-24900 invalid or unsupported mode paramater passed in call

    Cause: The mode parameter passed into the OCI Client Notification call is incorrect.

    Action: Correct the mode parameter passed into OCI.

ORA-24901 handles belonging to different environments passed into an OCI call

    Cause: All handles passed into an OCI call should belong to the same environment. In the call that returned this error, handles belonging to different environments were passed in.

    Action: Make sure that the handle parameters in the call to come from the same OCI Environment.

ORA-24902 invalid subscription name or name-length in subscription handle

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a proper name or name-length attribute.

    Action: Set the name and name-length attributes using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24903 invalid namespace attribute passed into OCI call

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a proper NAMESPACE attribute.

    Action: Set the NAMESPACE attribute using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24904 invalid callback attribute passed into OCI call

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a proper callback attribute.

    Action: Set the callback attribute using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24905 invalid recepient protocol attribute passed into OCI call

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a proper recepient protocol attribute.

    Action: Set the recepient protocol attribute using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24906 invalid recepient attribute passed into OCI call

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a proper recepient attribute.

    Action: Set the recepient attribute using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24907 invalid pair of callback and recepient protocol attributes

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call can't have both the callback defined and a recepient protocol other than OCI_SUBSCR_PROTO_OCI at the same time.

    Action: Set the appropriate callback and recepient protocol attributes using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24908 invalid recipient presentation attribute

    Cause: The subscription handle passed into the OCI call does not have a valid recipient presentation attribute.

    Action: Set the recipient presentation attribute using the OCIAttrSet() call.

ORA-24950 unregister failed, registeration not found

    Cause: The registeration that was asked to be unregistered could not be found.

    Action: Check the callback function name and the subscription name in the unregister call.

ORA-25000 invalid use of bind variable in trigger WHEN clause

    Cause: A bind variable was used in the when clause of a trigger.

    Action: Remove the bind variable. To access the table columns use (new/old).column_name.

ORA-25001 cannot create this trigger type on views

    Cause: Only INSTEAD OF triggers can be created on a view.

    Action: Change the trigger type to INSTEAD OF.

ORA-25002 cannot create INSTEAD OF triggers on tables

    Cause: Only BEFORE or AFTER triggers can be created on a table.

    Action: Change the trigger type to BEFORE or AFTER.

ORA-25003 cannot change NEW values for this column type in trigger

    Cause: Attempt to change NEW trigger variables of datatype object, REF, nested table, VARRAY or LOB datatype which is not supported.

    Action: Do not change the NEW trigger variables in the trigger body.

ORA-25004 WHEN clause is not allowed in INSTEAD OF triggers

    Cause: WHEN clause is specified in an INSTEAD OF trigger.

    Action: Remove the WHEN clause when creating an INSTEAD OF trigger.

ORA-25005 cannot CREATE INSTEAD OF trigger on a read-only view

    Cause: Attempt to create an INSTEAD OF trigger on a view created with read-only option. The view cannot be updated using INSTEAD OF triggers.

    Action: Do not create the trigger.

ORA-25006 cannot specify this column in UPDATE OF clause

    Cause: Attempt to create a trigger on update of a column whose datatype is disallowed in the clause, such as LOB and nested table.

    Action: Remove the UPDATE OF clause.

ORA-25007 functions or methods not allowed in WHEN clause

    Cause: PL/SQL function call or method invocation is not allowed in the WHEN clause when creating a trigger.

    Action: Remove the function call or method invocation from the WHEN clause.

ORA-25008 no implicit conversion to LOB datatype in instead-of trigger

    Cause: When inserting or updating a view using instead-of trigger, the new value for a LOB view column is of a different datatype.

    Action: Specified a LOB value as the new value for the LOB view column.

ORA-25009 Nested table clause allowed only for INSTEAD OF triggers

    Cause: Triggers on nested tables can only be created on view columns using INSTEAD OF triggers.

    Action: Use view nested table columns for defining nested table triggers.

ORA-25010 Invalid nested table column name in nested table clause

    Cause: The column name specified in the nested table clause of an INSTEAD OF trigger does not correspond to a nested table column.

    Action: Specify a nested table column on which the trigger is to be defined.

ORA-25012 PARENT and NEW values cannot be identical

    Cause: The referencing clause specifies identical values for PARENT and OLD.

    Action: Respecify either the PARENT or NEW referencing value.

ORA-25013 OLD and PARENT values cannot be identical

    Cause: The referencing clause specifies identical values for OLD and PARENT.

    Action: Respecify either the OLD or PARENT referencing value.

ORA-25014 cannot change the value of a PARENT reference variable

    Cause: Parent values can only be read and not changed.

    Action: Do not attempt to change a Parent variable.

ORA-25015 cannot perform DML on this nested table view column

    Cause: DML cannot be performed on a nested table view column except through an INSTEAD OF trigger.

    Action: Create an INSTEAD OF trigger over the nested table view column and then perform the DML.

ORA-25016 cannot specify column list for insert into nested table view column

    Cause: A column list cannot be specified for inserts into the nested table view column.

    Action: Specify all the columns for insert into the nested table.

ORA-25017 cannot reference NEW ROWID for movable rows in before triggers

    Cause: NEW ROWID was referenced in a before row trigger which is defined on an index-organized table, or a partitioned table with enabled movement of rows. The ROWID cannot be computed in a before row update trigger because it depends on the actual values of the row.

    Action: Remove references to NEW ROWID from the trigger definition.

ORA-25018 conflicting trigger string already exists

    Cause: Conflicting instead of DDL trigger on schema/database already exists.

    Action: Remove the old trigger.

ORA-25019 too much concurrency

    Cause: Cannot pin the database/schema because of too much concurrency.

    Action: Try the operation later.

ORA-25020 renaming system triggers is not allowed

    Cause: renaming system triggers is not allowed.

    Action: Drop the trigger and create a new one.

ORA-25100 TABLESPACE option can only be used with ALTER INDEX REBUILD

    Cause: The TABLESPACE option to ALTER INDEX was used without the REBUILD option.

    Action: Use ALTER INDEX REBUILD TABLESPACE tablespace name.

ORA-25101 duplicate REBUILD option specification

    Cause: The REBUILD option to ALTER INDEX is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the option at most once.

ORA-25102 PARALLEL option can only be used with ALTER INDEX REBUILD

    Cause: The PARALLEL option to ALTER INDEX was used without the REBUILD option.

    Action: Use ALTER INDEX REBUILD.

ORA-25103 NOPARALLEL option can only be used with ALTER INDEX REBUILD

    Cause: The NOPARALLEL option to ALTER INDEX was used without the REBUILD option.

    Action: Use ALTER INDEX REBUILD.

ORA-25104 UNRECOVERABLE option can only be used with ALTER INDEX REBUILD

    Cause: The UNRECOVERABLE option to ALTER INDEX was used without the REBUILD option.

    Action: Use ALTER INDEX REBUILD.

ORA-25105 RECOVERABLE option can only be used with ALTER INDEX REBUILD

    Cause: The RECOVERABLE option to ALTER INDEX was used without the REBUILD option.

    Action: Use ALTER INDEX REBUILD.

ORA-25106 only one of PARALLEL or NOPARALLEL clause may be specified

    Cause: PARALLEL was specified more than once, NOPARALLEL was specified more than once, or both PARALLEL and NOPARALLEL were specified in an ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the PARALLEL or NOPARALLEL clauses.

ORA-25107 duplicate TABLESPACE option specification

    Cause: the TABLESPACE was specified more than once in an ALTER INDEX REBUILD statement.

    Action: Remove all but one of the TABLESPACE clauses.

ORA-25108 standby lock name space exceeds size limit of string characters

    Cause: The lock name space for the standby database exceeded the maximum string length.

    Action: Change initialization parameter _STANDBY_LOCK_NAME_SPACE to a character string of less than the specified characters.

ORA-25109 standby lock name space has illegal character 'string'

    Cause: An invalid lock name space was specified for the standby database. The lock name space for the standby database can only contain A-Z, 0-9, '_', '#', '$', '.' and '@' characters.

    Action: Change initialization parameter _STANDBY_LOCK_NAME_SPACE to a valid character string.

ORA-25110 NOSORT may not be used with a bitmap index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a bitmap index using the NOSORT option.

    Action: Remove NOSORT from the CREATE BITMAP INDEX statement.

ORA-25111 creation of BITMAP cluster indices is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a cluster index with the BITMAP attribute.

    Action: Remove BITMAP from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-25112 maximum number of BITMAP index columns is 30

    Cause: Too many columns were specified for the index.

    Action: Create an index on fewer columns.

ORA-25113 GLOBAL may not be used with a bitmap index

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a bitmap index using the GLOBAL option.

    Action: Remove GLOBAL from the CREATE BITMAP INDEX statement, and/or add a LOCAL partition descriptor if the table is partitioned.

ORA-25114 invalid file number specified in the DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE command

    Cause: An invalid file number was used in dumping a datafile or temporary file.

    Action: Specify a valid file number.

ORA-25115 duplicate BLOCK option specification

    Cause: BLOCK (MIN/MAX) was specified more than once in the DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE command.

    Action: Specify only one BLOCK option.

ORA-25116 invalid block number specified in the DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE command

    Cause: An invalid block number was used in dumping a datafile or temporary file.

    Action: Specify a valid block number.

ORA-25117 MIN/MAX/Block Number expected

    Cause: A value other than MIN/MAX, or a block number was entered in the DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE command.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-25118 invalid DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE option

    Cause: An invalid option was specified for the DUMP DATAFILE/TEMPFILE command.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-25119 LOGGING/NOLOGGING option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the LOGGING and/or NOLOGGING options were specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the logging specifications.

ORA-25120 MINIMUM EXTENT option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the MINIMUM EXTENT option was specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the MINIMUM EXTENT specifications.

ORA-25121 MINIMUM EXTENT value greater than maximum extent size

    Cause: In CREATE/ALTER TABLESPACE, the value specified for the MINIMUM EXTENT option was greater than the maximum extent size.

    Action: Choose a lower value for the MINIMUM EXTENT option.

ORA-25122 Only LOCAL bitmap indexes are permitted on partitioned tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a global bitmap index on a partitioned table.

    Action: Create a local bitmap index instead.

ORA-25123 Too many components specified in the name.

    Cause: More components per name than is allowed were specified.

    Action: Check the name specified for the operation.

ORA-25124 Database link name not allowed.

    Cause: A database link name was specified when it is not permitted.

    Action: Check the name specified for the operation.

ORA-25125 BUFFER_POOL storage option not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify the BUFFER_POOL storage option. This option may only be specified during CREATE/ALTER TABLE/CLUSTER/INDEX.

    Action: Remove this option and retry the statement.

ORA-25126 Invalid name specified for BUFFER_POOL

    Cause: The name of the buffer pool specified by the user is invalid. The only valid names are KEEP, RECYCLE and DEFAULT.

    Action: Use a valid name or remove the BUFFER_POOL clause.

ORA-25127 RELY not allowed in NOT NULL constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to set RELY on for NOT NULL constraint.

    Action: Only NORELY may be specified for a NOT NULL constraint.

ORA-25128 No insert/update/delete on table with constraint (string.string) disabled and validated

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert/update/delete on table with DISABLE VALIDATE constraint.

    Action: Change the constraint's states.

ORA-25129 cannot modify constraint (string) - no such constraint

    Cause: The named constraint does not exist for this table.

    Action: Try again with a constraint that does exist for this table.

ORA-25130 cannot modify primary key - primary key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify a primary key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-25131 cannot modify unique(string) - unique key not defined for table

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify a unique key that is not defined for the table.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-25132 UNIQUE constraint (string.string) disabled and validated in ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION

    Cause: Cannot ALTER TABLE EXCHANGE PARTITION when the partition and the table have a disabled and validated unique constraints AND the unique keys in the partition is not mutually exclusive from the rest of the table.

    Action: Change the constraint's status.

ORA-25133 duplicate SINGLE TABLE option specified

    Cause: The SINGLE TABLE option was specified more than once.

    Action: Specify the SINGLE TABLE option only once.

ORA-25134 keyword TABLE expected

    Cause: The keyword TABLE is missing from the SINGLE TABLE option.

    Action: Place the keyword TABLE after the keyword SINGLE in the command.

ORA-25135 cannot use the SINGLE TABLE option

    Cause: The SINGLE TABLE option is only valid for hash clusters.

    Action: Do not specify the SINGLE TABLE option.

ORA-25136 this cluster can contain only one table

    Cause: An attempt was made to store more than one table in a cluster that was created with the SINGLE TABLE option.

    Action: Do not attempt to store more than one table in the cluster.

ORA-25137 Data value out of range

    Cause: Value from cast operand is larger than cast target size.

    Action: Increase size of cast target.

ORA-25138 string initialization parameter has been made obsolete

    Cause: An obsolete initialization parameter has been specified.

    Action: The system will come up, but parameters must be examined.

ORA-25139 invalid option for CREATE TEMPORARY TABLESPACE

    Cause: An invalid option appears.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: TEMPFILE, EXTENT MANAGEMENT LOCAL, UNIFORM.

ORA-25140 string space policy cannot be specified for the string extent management

    Cause: An invalid option appears.

    Action: Make sure that for LOCAL extent management UNIFORM or AUTOALLOCATE is specified, and for DICTIONARY extent management UNIFORM or AUTOALLOCATE are not specified

ORA-25141 invalid EXTENT MANAGEMENT clause

    Cause: An invalid option appears for EXTENT MANAGEMENT clause.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: UNIFORM SIZE, AUTOALLOCATE.

ORA-25142 default storage clause specified twice

    Cause: Default storage clause was specified twice for create tablespace.

    Action: Specify it once.

ORA-25143 default storage clause is not compatible with allocation policy

    Cause: Default storage clause was specified for a tablespace with AUTOALLOCATE or UNIFORM policy.

    Action: Omit the storage clause.

ORA-25144 invalid option for CREATE TABLESPACE with TEMPORARY contents

    Cause: An invalid option appears.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options: EXTENT MANAGEMENT DICTIONARY, USER.

ORA-25145 allocation policy already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the allocation policy was specified more than once, for example, AUTOALLOCATE and UNIFORM.

    Action: Remove all but one of the allocation policy specifications.

ORA-25146 EXTENT MANAGEMENT option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the EXTENT MANAGEMENT option was specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the EXTENT MANAGEMENT specifications.

ORA-25147 UNIFORM SIZE value greater than maximum extent size

    Cause: In CREATE/ALTER TABLESPACE, the value specified for the UNIFORM SIZE option was greater than the maximum extent size.

    Action: Choose a lower value for the UNIFORM SIZE option.

ORA-25148 ONLINE option not permitted

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify ONLINE for ALTER TABLE MOVE on a table that is not index-organized. The ONLINE option is currently supported only for index-organized tables.

    Action: Remove the ONLINE option from the command.

ORA-25149 Columns of UROWID type may not be indexed

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an index on a column of UROWID type.

    Action: Remove the column from the list of indexed columns.

ORA-25150 ALTERING of extent parameters not permitted

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter the extent parameters for a segment in a tablespace with autoallocate or uniform extent allocation policy.

    Action: Remove the appropriate extent parameters from the command.

ORA-25151 Rollback Segment cannot be created in this tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a rollback segment in a tablespace with autoallocate extent allocation policy.

    Action: Specify a different tablespace for the rollback segment.

ORA-25152 TEMPFILE cannot be dropped at this time

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a TEMPFILE being used by online users.

    Action: The TEMPFILE has been taken offline. Try again later.

ORA-25153 Temporary Tablespace is Empty

    Cause: An attempt was made to use space in a temporary tablespace with no files.

    Action: Add files to the tablespace using ADD TEMPFILE command.

ORA-25154 column part of USING clause cannot have qualifier

    Cause: Columns that are used for a named-join (either a NATURAL join or a join with a USING clause) cannot have an explicit qualifier.

    Action: Remove the qualifier.

ORA-25155 column used in NATURAL join cannot have qualifier

    Cause: Columns that are used for a named-join (either a NATURAL join or a join with a USING clause) cannot have an explicit qualifier.

    Action: Remove the qualifier.

ORA-25156 old style outer join (+) cannot be used with ANSI joins

    Cause: When a query block uses ANSI style joins, the old notation for specifying outer joins (+) cannot be used.

    Action: Use ANSI style for specifying outer joins also.

ORA-25157 Specified block size string is not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a tablespace with a block size which is not supported.

    Action: Specify either the standard blocksize or one of (2k, 4k, 8k, 16k, 32k) subject to the maximum and minimum blocksizes supported by the platform.

ORA-25175 no PRIMARY KEY constraint found

    Cause: A PRIMARY KEY constraint must be defined for a table with this organization.

    Action: Define a PRIMARY KEY.

ORA-25176 storage specification not permitted for primary key

    Cause: Storage parameters cannot be defined for a PRIMARY KEY constraint for a table with this organization.

    Action: Remove storage specification for primary key.

ORA-25177 UNRECOVERABLE option not permitted

    Cause: The UNRECOVERABLE option may not be specified for a primary key for a table with this organization.

    Action: Remove UNRECOVERABLE option for primary key.

ORA-25178 duplicate PCTTHRESHOLD storage option specification

    Cause: The storage option PCTTHRESHOLD is specified more than once.

    Action: Specify storage options at most once.

ORA-25179 invalid PCTTHRESHOLD storage option value

    Cause: The specified value must be a positive integer.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-25180 PCTTHRESHOLD only valid for certain table organizations

    Cause: PCTTHRESHOLD can only be specified for tables with certain organizations.

    Action: Remove the PCTTHRESHOLD option.

ORA-25181 missing ON keyword for NESTED INDEX

    Cause: The ON keyword is required to specify nested index column nest.

    Action: Add ON keyword.

ORA-25182 feature not currently available for index-organized tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to use one or more of the following feature(s) not currently supported for index-organized tables:

        * CREATE TABLE with LOB/BFILE/VARRAY columns
        * partitioning/PARALLEL/CREATE TABLE AS SELECT options
        * ALTER TABLE with ADD/MODIFY column options
        * CREATE INDEX

    Action: Do not use the disallowed feature(s) in this release.

ORA-25183 index-organized table top index segment is in a different tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains an index only table's overflow segment but not the top index segment.

    Action: Find index-organized tables which span the tablespace being dropped and some other tablespace(s). Drop these tables.

ORA-25184 column name expected

    Cause: A column name is not present where required by the CREATE TABLE for specifying last column to be included in the index segment of the index-organized table.

    Action: Specify a column name where required by the syntax.

ORA-25185 index column other than last can not be specified for INCLUDE clause

    Cause: An index column name other than the last was specified as including column.

    Action: Specify either a column name which is not part of index-organized table primary key index, or the last key column of the primary key for the INCLUDING clause.

ORA-25186 INCLUDING clause specified for index-organized table without OVERFLOW

    Cause: INCLUDING clause of a CREATE TABLE is an valid option only for index-organized tables with OVERFLOW clause (at creation time) or if an OVERFLOW segment already exists (at ALTER time).

    Action: Specify OVERFLOW clause for the index-organized table: For ALTER, perform ADD OVERFLOW first.

ORA-25187 specified exceptions table form incorrect

    Cause: The specified table does not have the proper field definitions.

    Action: Specify the correct table to use.

ORA-25188 cannot drop/disable/defer the primary key constraint for index-organized tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to DROP, DISABLE, or DEFER the primary key constraint for an index-only table. This is not allowed.

    Action: Do not DROP, DISABLE, or DEFER the primary key constraint for an index-only table.

ORA-25189 illegal ALTER TABLE option for an index-organized table

    Cause: During ALTER of a index-organized table, the user attempted to enter one or more of the following options: TABLESPACE, ALLOCATE/DEALLOCATE EXTENT, PCTFREE/PCTUSED for IOT top index segment

    Action: Remove the illegal option(s).

ORA-25190 an index-organized table maintenance operation may not be combined with other operations

    Cause: ALTER TABLE statement attempted to combine an index-organized table maintenance operation (for example, changing physical attributes) with some other operation (for example, ADD constraint) which is illegal

    Action: Ensure that a index-organized table maintenance operation is the sole operation specified in ALTER TABLE statement.

ORA-25191 cannot reference overflow table of an index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to directly access the overflow table of an index-organized table.

    Action: Issue the statement against the parent index-organized table containing the specified overflow table.

ORA-25192 invalid option for an index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify one or more of the following options for an index-organized table: [NO]CACHE, NO LOGGING, CLUSTER.

    Action: Remove the illegal option(s).

ORA-25193 cannot use COMPRESS option for a single column key

    Cause: An attempt was made to use COMPRESS option on single column key.

    Action: Remove the COMPRESS option.

ORA-25194 invalid COMPRESS prefix length value

    Cause: The specified value must be a positive integer less than the number of key columns.

    Action: Specify an appropriate value.

ORA-25195 invalid option for index on an index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify one or more of the following options for index on an IOT: BITMAP, REVERSE, PCTUSED.

    Action: Specify an appropriate option.

ORA-25196 keyword MOVE in ALTER TABLE MOVE must immediately follow table_name

    Cause: MOVE specified after one/more other ALTER options.

    Action: Change order of options, MOVE should be first or remove the illegal option(s).

ORA-25197 an overflow segment already exists for the indexed-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to ADD OVERFLOW segment on an index-organized table that already has an overflow segment.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-25198 only range and hash partitioning are supported for index-organized table

    Cause: System or composite partitioning schemes are not supported.

    Action: Select a different partitioning scheme.

ORA-25199 partitioning key of a index-organized table must be a subset of the primary key

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a partitioning key which is not a prefix of the primary key of the index-organized table.

    Action: Select a different partitioning key.

ORA-25200 invalid value string, QUEUE_NAME should be [SCHEMA.]NAME

    Cause: A NULL parameter was specified for QUEUE_NAME.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL queue name.

ORA-25201 invalid value, VISIBILITY should be ON_COMMIT or IMMEDIATE

    Cause: An invalid value specified for parameter VISIBILITY.

    Action: Specify either ON_COMMIT or IMMEDIATE.

ORA-25202 invalid value NULL, string should be non-NULL

    Cause: A NULL value was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL value.

ORA-25203 invalid value string, DELAY should be non-negative

    Cause: A negative value or NULL was specified for DELAY.

    Action: Specify a non-negative integer for DELAY.

ORA-25204 invalid value, SEQUENCE_DEVIATION should be BEFORE or TOP

    Cause: An invalid SEQUENCE_DEVIATION was specified.

    Action: Specify either the option 'BEFORE' or 'TOP'.

ORA-25205 the QUEUE string.string does not exist

    Cause: The specified queue does not exist.

    Action: Create the queue first before specifying it for enqueue or dequeue.

ORA-25206 enqueue failed, enqueue to exception queue string.string not permitted

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to an exception queue.

    Action: Try enqueueing to another queue.

ORA-25207 enqueue failed, queue string.string is disabled from enqueueing

    Cause: The queue has been stopped to prevent any further enqueueing.

    Action: Enable the queue first by using an administrative operation.

ORA-25208 RELATIVE_MSGID must be specified if SEQUENCE_DEVIATION is BEFORE

    Cause: A relative message identifier should be specified if sequence deviation is specified as BEFORE.

    Action: Either specify an existing relative message identifier or do not specify sequence deviation as BEFORE.

ORA-25209 invalid value string, EXPIRATION should be non-negative or NEVER

    Cause: The expiration is less than zero or NULL.

    Action: Specify a valid value for EXPIRE_AFTER which should be greater than or equal to zero or NEVER.

ORA-25210 invalid value for RELATIVE_MSGID, no message in queue with that msgid

    Cause: No message in the queue with the MSGID equal to the specified RELATIVE_MSGID.

    Action: Try again with a valid RELATIVE_MSGID.

ORA-25211 invalid DELAY specified when using sequence deviation

    Cause: The DELAY specified in the enqueue is greater than the delay of the message with the given relative message ID.

    Action: Set the DELAY to be less than or equal to the delay of the message with the given relative message ID. If the TOP option is used the delay must be less than or equal to the delay of all the messages in the queue.

ORA-25212 invalid PRIORITY specified when using sequence deviation

    Cause: The PRIORITY specified in the enqueue is less than the priority of the message with the given relative message ID.

    Action: Set the PRIORITY to be less than the delay of the message with the given relative message ID. If the TOP option is used the priority must be greater than or equal to the priority of all the messages in the queue.

ORA-25213 message with specified RELATIVE_MSGID has been dequeued

    Cause: The message specified by the RELATIVE_MSGID field in the sequence deviation BEFORE option has been dequeued.

    Action: No action required. This is an informational message only.

ORA-25214 cannot specify delay or expiration for enqueue to exception queue

    Cause: A message was enqueued to the exception queue with either delay or expiration specified.

    Action: Enqueue a message without delay or expiration.

ORA-25215 user_data type and queue type do not match

    Cause: A user tries to enqueue an object to a queue that was created for objects of different type.

    Action: Try enqueue again with an object of the right type.

ORA-25216 invalid recipient, either NAME or ADDRESS must be specified

    Cause: Both attributes, NAME and ADDRESS, were specified null for one of the recipients in the recipient list.

    Action: Specify a non-null NAME or ADDRESS for the recipient.

ORA-25217 enqueue failed, visibility must be IMMEDIATE for queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a non-persistent queue without setting visibility to IMMEDIATE.

    Action: Set visibility to IMMEDIATE.

ORA-25218 enqueue failed, delay must be zero for queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a non-persistent queue with delay greater than zero seconds.

    Action: Set delay to zero.

ORA-25219 enqueue failed, sequence deviation not allowed for queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a non-persistent queue with sequence deviation specified.

    Action: Do not specify sequence deviation.

ORA-25220 enqueue failed, signature not specified for a non-repudiable queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a non-repudiable queue without specifying the signature.

    Action: Specify the signature.

ORA-25221 enqueue failed, signature specified queue not supporting non-repudiation

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a queue specifying the signature for a queue not supporting non-repudiation.

    Action: Remove the signature.

ORA-25222 enqueue failed, complete sender info. not provided for a queue supporting non-repudiation

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue to a queue without giving the complete sender information (name) for a queue supporting non-repudiation.

    Action: Provide the sender information.

ORA-25223 user_data type used is not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue data into a non persistent queue that is of a type other than the supported raw or object type.

    Action: Enqueue the message again with data of raw or object type.

ORA-25224 sender name must be specified for enqueue into secure queues

    Cause: An attempt was made to enqueue into a secure queue without specifying a sender name.

    Action: Enqueue the message with sender name specified.

ORA-25225 invalid value string, DEQUEUE_MODE should be REMOVE or BROWSE or LOCKED

    Cause: An invalid parameter has been specified for DEQUEUE_MODE.

    Action: Specify either REMOVE, BROWSE or LOCKED.

ORA-25226 dequeue failed, queue string.string is not enabled for dequeue

    Cause: The queue has not been enabled for dequeue.

    Action: Enable the queue using START_QUEUE.

ORA-25228 timeout or end-of-fetch during message dequeue from string.string

    Cause: User-specified dequeue wait time has passed or the end of the queue has been reached but no message has been retrieved.

    Action: Try dequeue again with the appropriate WAIT_TIME or the FIRST_MESSAGE option.

ORA-25229 error on transformation of message string string

    Cause: There was an error when transforming a message at enqueue, dequeue, or propagation time.

    Action: Correct the transformation function.

ORA-25230 invalid value string, WAIT should be non-negative

    Cause: A negative value has been specified for WAIT.

    Action: Specify a non-negative value or FOREVER.

ORA-25231 cannot dequeue because CONSUMER_NAME not specified

    Cause: A user tried to dequeue from a queue that has been created for multiple consumers but a CONSUMER_NAME was not been specified in the dequeue options.

    Action: Specify the CONSUMER_NAME in the dequeue options.

ORA-25232 duplicate recipients specified for message

    Cause: An enqueue was performed with duplicate queue agents in the recipients parameter.

    Action: Remove the duplicate queue agent and retry the call.

ORA-25233 invalid parameter specified for NAVIGATION

    Cause: An invalid parameter has been specified for NAVIGATION.

    Action: Choose one of FIRST_MESSAGE, NEXT_MESSAGE or NEXT_TRANSACTION. Use FIRST_MESSAGE for dequeuing the first message that satisfies the criterion, NEXT_MESSAGE for dequeuing the next message that satisfies the criterion and NEXT_TRANSACTION for moving to a set of messages enqueued by another transaction.

ORA-25234 NEXT_TRANSACTION navigation option invalid for queue table string.string

    Cause: The NEXT_TRANSACTION navigation option was used in a dequeue from a queue in a queue table that was not created for transactional grouping.

    Action: Specify either FIRST_MESSAGE or NEXT_MESSAGE as the navigation option. If you want to dequeue messages using transactional grouping create the queue in a queue table that has transactional grouping enabled.

ORA-25235 fetched all messages in current transaction

    Cause: The NEXT_TRANSACTION navigation option was used in a dequeue when there were no more messages that belong to the same transaction.

    Action: Use the NEXT_TRANSACTION navigation option to move to the next also use the FIRST_MESSAGE option to start from the head of the queue again.

ORA-25236 buffer too small for user data

    Cause: The variable or buffer used for the out parameter payload is too small for the user data dequeued.

    Action: Increase the size of the buffer or the size of the variable. Maximum size allowed is 32K.

ORA-25237 navigation option used out of sequence

    Cause: The NEXT_MESSAGE or NEXT_TRANSACTION option was specified after dequeuing all the messages.

    Action: Reset the dequeuing position using the FIRST_MESSAGE navigation option and then specify the NEXT_MESSAGE or NEXT_TRANSACTION option.

ORA-25238 too many recipients specified for message destination string

    Cause: An ENQUEUE was performed with more than 32 recipients for the given destination (address).

    Action: Reduce the number of recipients to 32 or less, and retry the call.

ORA-25239 message ID not supplied when dequeuing from exception queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue from a release 8.0-compatible exception queue without including a message ID in the dequeue options.

    Action: Check the application to ensure that the queue name has been specified correctly. If the queue name is correct supply a message ID when dequeuing from a release 8.0-compatible exception queue. Otherwise, upgrade the QUEUE_TABLE containing the queue to release 8.1-compatible using the DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE procedure.

ORA-25240 message ID and dequeue condition/correlation ID specified in dequeue options

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue by including both a message ID and a dequeue condition/correlation ID in the dequeue options. In the dequeue options, you are permitted to specify either a message ID or a dequeue condition/correlation ID, or neither.

    Action: To dequeue a message, specify a message ID or a dequeue condition/correlation ID in the dequeue options, but do not specify both. If you want to dequeue in the queue's sort order, then do not specify either the message ID or dequeue condition/correlation ID in the dequeue options.

ORA-25241 cannot change correlation ID from string to string without FIRST_MESSAGE option

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the correlation ID while using the NEXT_MESSAGE or NEXT_TRANSACTION option for dequeuing.

    Action: To use a correlation ID that is different from the previous dequeue call, reset the dequeuing position by using the FIRST_MESSAGE navigation option.

ORA-25242 cannot change subscriber name from string to string without FIRST_MESSAGE option

    Cause: An attempt was made to change the subscriber name while using the NEXT_MESSAGE or NEXT_TRANSACTION option for dequeuing.

    Action: To use a subscriber name that is different from the previous dequeue call, reset the dequeuing position by using the FIRST_MESSAGE navigation option.

ORA-25243 CONSUMER_NAME cannot be specified when dequeuing from exception queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue from an exception queue by specifying the CONSUMER_NAME in the dequeue options. CONSUMER_NAME can only be specified when dequeuing from a normal queue created for multiple consumers.

    Action: Specify only the message ID in the dequeue options to dequeue a message from an exception queue.

ORA-25244 dequeue index key not found, QUEUE string, rowid string

    Cause: An internal error was encountered. There may be an inconsistency in the queue table index.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services. You may need to provide the trace file and information about reproducing the error.

ORA-25245 agent name cannot be specified if address is a single-consumer queue or an exception queue

    Cause: The agent name for the agent in the LISTEN call was specified when the agent address was a single-consumer queue or an exception queue.

    Action: Do not specify the agent name.

ORA-25246 listen failed, the address string is an 8.0 style exception queue

    Cause: An 8.0 style exception queue was specified in the agent-list for the LISTEN call.

    Action: Specify a normal 8.0 style queue or an 8.1 style queue in the agent-list.

ORA-25247 string is not a recipient of specified message

    Cause: The consumer name specified in the dequeue options is not a recipient of the message specified by the message ID.

    Action: Ensure that the agent specified by the consumer name is a recipient of the message specified by the message ID.

ORA-25248 duplicate agent specified in the agent list

    Cause: An agent was specified more than once in the agent list of the LISTEN call.

    Action: Remove the duplicate agent specification(s), and retry the call.

ORA-25249 dequeue failed, dequeue not allowed for queue string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue from a non-persistent queue.

    Action: Dequeue from a different queue.

ORA-25250 Cannot specify a remote recipient for the message

    Cause: A recipient for the message enqueued to a non-persistent queue had a non-local address.

    Action: Do not specify the address field or specify the queue which is the target of the enqueue

ORA-25251 exceeded maximum number of recipients for message

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue an ENQUEUE call that exceeded the maximum number (1024) of recipients per message.

    Action: Reduce the number of recipients to 1024 or less, and retry the call.

ORA-25252 listen failed, the address string is a non-persistent queue

    Cause: A non-persistent queue was specified as an address for an agent in the LISTEN call.

    Action: Specify a normal queue as address for the agent, and retry the LISTEN call.

ORA-25253 listen failed, queue string.string is not enabled for dequeue

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a queue that is not enabled for dequeue in a LISTEN call.

    Action: Enable the queue for dequeue using START_QUEUE, and retry the LISTEN call.

ORA-25254 time-out in LISTEN while waiting for a message

    Cause: The specified wait time has elapsed and there were no messages for any of the agents in the agent-list.

    Action: Try the LISTEN call with an appropriate time-out.

ORA-25255 incorrect subscription string string

    Cause: An incorrect subscription string was specified with OCIRegister.

    Action: Specify a subscription string using the [CONSUMER:]SCHEMA.QUEUE form.

ORA-25256 consumer cannot be specified with a single-consumer queue or an exception queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a consumer in the subscription string when registering for notification on a single-consumer queue or an exception queue.

    Action: Do not specify the consumer in the subscription string.

ORA-25257 consumer must be specified with a multi-consumer queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to register on a multi-consumer queue without specifying a consumer in the subscription string.

    Action: Specify a consumer in the subscription string.

ORA-25258 cannot register for notifications on an 8.0 style exception queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an 8.0 style exception queue in the subscription string of OCIRegister.

    Action: Specify a normal queue or a non-persistent queue.

ORA-25259 cannot specify protocol for agent

    Cause: The user specified the protocol attribute for an agent in the agent list.

    Action: Do not specify the protocol attribute of the agent object type.

ORA-25261 JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES must be at least 2 for AQ propagation

    Cause: AQ Propagator encountered a setting for JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES that is insufficient for AQ propagation.

    Action: Set the number of JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES to at least 2 for AQ propagation.

ORA-25262 agent name cannot be NULL if address is a multi-consumer queue

    Cause: The name for the agent in the LISTEN call was not specified when the agent address was a multi-consumer queue.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL name for the agent.

ORA-25263 no message in queue string.string with message ID string

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue a message with a specific message ID, but no such message exists in the queue.

    Action: Try dequeue again with a valid message ID.

ORA-25264 can't get signature for this queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue the signature from this queue, which is not reciever non-repidiable.

    Action: Try dequeue again without the get signature option.

ORA-25265 specified signature for a queue which does not support reciever non-repudiation

    Cause: An attempt was made to dequeue the message from a queue which does not support reciever non-repudiation, but the signature was specified for verification.

    Action: Try dequeue again without the signature.

ORA-25266 didn't try to dequeue by message id with the signature

    Cause: The signature was specified for a queue, but the dequeue was not done by message id.

    Action: Try dequeue again by message id.

ORA-25267 didn't specify the signature for a reciever non-repudiable queue

    Cause: The signature was not specified for a reciever non-repudiable queue.

    Action: Try dequeue again along with the signature.

ORA-25268 didn't dequeue in browse mode with get signature option

    Cause: The dequeue was not performed in browse mode with get signature option.

    Action: Try dequeue again in browse mode.

ORA-25269 can't specify signature with get signature option

    Cause: The signature is not required for the dequeue with get signature option.

    Action: Try dequeue again without the signature in dequeue options.

ORA-25270 sender info does not match with the actual sender of the message

    Cause: The sender info and the message id do not match.

    Action: Provide the correct sender info or try dequeue again without the signature in dequeue options.

ORA-25271 queue table not found for the given queue

    Cause: The queue table does not exist for the given queue.

    Action: Provide the correct queue name.

ORA-25272 Signature does not exist for the given reciever and message id

    Cause: Signature does not exist for the given reciever and message id.

    Action: Check the message id and the reciever's information.

ORA-25276 table specified is not a queue table

    Cause: An invalid queue table name is specified.

    Action: Check the dictionary views to see if the table is a queue table.

ORA-25277 cannot grant or revoke object privilege on release 8.0 compatible queues

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke object privilege on release 8.0 style queues.

    Action: Convert the release 8.0 compatible queue table to release 8.1 compatible using DBMS_AQADM.MIGRATE_QUEUE_TABLE before granting or revoking object privilege.

ORA-25278 grantee name cannot be NULL

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify NULL for the grantee parameter.

    Action: Specify a valid grantee parameter.

ORA-25279 dequeue as select not supported before 9.0.0

    Cause: Dequeue as select not supported before 9.0.0.

    Action: Don't use select condition while dequeuing.

ORA-25280 complete sender information not provided to non-repudiate sender

    Cause: Complete sender information not provided to non-repudiate sender.

    Action: Provide the complete sender information.

ORA-25281 complete reciever information not provided to non-repudiate reciever

    Cause: Complete reciever information not provided to non-repudiate reciever.

    Action: Provide the complete reciever information.

ORA-25282 message id not provided for non-repudiation

    Cause: Message id was not provided.

    Action: Provide the message id.

ORA-25283 either agent's name or address needed for non-repudiation

    Cause: neither agent's name nor address provided for non-repudiation.

    Action: Provide the agent info.

ORA-25284 Invalid value string for string

    Cause: An Invalid value or NULL was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Check the documentation for valid values.

ORA-25285 Invalid value string for array_mode

    Cause: An Invalid value or NULL was specified for the array_mode.

    Action: Check the documentation for valid values.

ORA-25286 Invalid number of elements in the message properties array

    Cause: Number of elements in the message properties array does not match the number of elements in the payload array.

    Action: Create a message property array with one element (that applies for all the elements in the payload array) or create a message property array with the same number of elements as there are in the payload array.

ORA-25287 Invalid value string, string should be non-negative

    Cause: An Invalid value or NULL was specified for the parameter.

    Action: Specify a non negative integer.

ORA-25288 AQ HTTP propagation encountered error, status-code number, string

    Cause: AQ propagation's HTTP request to the propagation servlet at the specified address encountered an error.

    Action: Specify a valid address in the connect string of the propagation destination dblink, make sure the dblink user has the correct permissions, and check if the AQ propagation servlet was properly installed.

ORA-25289 Buffer Already Exists

    Cause: Buffer already exists for the specified queue.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-25290 Cannot complete operation on queue string with existing messages

    Cause: Queue already has messages. Cannot complete operation.

    Action: Truncate the queue before adding/dropping a buffer.

ORA-25291 Buffer does not exist for the specified queue

    Cause: Buffer does not exist for the specified queue.

    Action: Operation on the buffer cannot be performed. create the buffer.

ORA-25292 Cannot add buffer on the specified queue

    Cause: Buffer cannot be added on the Specified Queue.

    Action: Can only add buffers to 8.1 style non-exception multi-consumer queues, which do not have priority, non_repudiation, message_grouping, max_retries, and retention.

ORA-25293 Remote Recipient Subscribers and buffered operations not possible for Queue string

    Cause: Specified Queue has remote recipient subscribers.

    Action: Cannot add buffers/add buffered subscribers to queues with remote recipient subscribers.

ORA-25294 Queue string has a buffer

    Cause: Specified Queue has a buffer.

    Action: Drop the buffer first.

ORA-25295 Subscriber is not allowed to dequeue buffered messages

    Cause: Subscriber is only allowed to dequeue persistent messages.

    Action: Drop the subscriber and re-create it.

ORA-25296 Queue Table string has a buffered queue string

    Cause: Cannot downgrade the queue table because it has a buffered queue.

    Action: Drop the buffer or the buffered queue.

ORA-25297 The message options only make sense for buffered messages

    Cause: The message options only make sense for buffered messages.

    Action: Check the enqueue/dequeue options.

ORA-25298 The memory threshold for a queue cannot be negative

    Cause: The memory threshold for a queue cannot be negative.

    Action: Correct the memory threshold.

ORA-25299 Cannot add buffered subscriber for a non-buffered queue

    Cause: Cannot add buffered subscriber for a non-buffered queue.

    Action: Either add buffer to the queue, or make the subscriber non-buffered.

ORA-25300 Cannot drop buffer for queue with buffered subscribers

    Cause: Cannot drop buffer for queue with buffered subscribers.

    Action: Either drop buffered subscribers or forcibly drop the buffer.

ORA-25301 cannot specify recipient list during enqueue

    Cause: Recipient list for buffered queue not supported.

    Action: Don't specify recipient list for buffered enqueues.

ORA-25302 Operation not possible for non-buffered queue string

    Cause: Last enqd/ackd message is only supported for buffered queues.

    Action: The operation is not supported.

ORA-25350 maximum number of concurrent transaction branches exceeded

    Cause: The limit on the number of concurrent transaction branches has been reached.

    Action: Increase the initialization parameter TRANSACTIONS and restart the system.

ORA-25351 transaction is currently in use

    Cause: The transaction is currently used by a different session.

    Action: Do not switch to a transaction attached to some other session.

ORA-25352 no current transaction

    Cause: The user session is not attached to any transaction.

    Action: Do not attempt to detach when there is no current transaction.

ORA-25353 branch marked for deletion

    Cause: The branch specified cannot be killed immediately because another session is using the branch, but it has been marked for kill. This means it will be deleted as soon as possible after the current uninterruptable operation is completed.

    Action: No action is required for the branch to be deleted.

ORA-25400 must replay fetch

    Cause: A failure occurred since the last fetch on this statement. Failover was able to bring the statement to its original state to allow continued fetches.

    Action: This is an internally used error message and should not be seen by the user.

ORA-25401 can not continue fetches

    Cause: A failure occurred since the last fetch on this statement. Failover was unable to bring the statement to its original state to allow continued fetches.

    Action: Re-execute the statement and start fetching from the beginning.

ORA-25402 transaction must roll back

    Cause: A failure occurred while a transaction was active on this connection.

    Action: The client must roll back.

ORA-25403 could not reconnect

    Cause: The connection to the database has been lost, and attempts to reconnect have failed.

    Action: Manually reconnect.

ORA-25404 lost instance

    Cause: The primary instance has died.

    Action: This is an internally used error message and should not be seen by the user.

ORA-25405 transaction status unknown

    Cause: A failure occurred while a transaction was attempting to commit. Failover could not automatically determine instance status.

    Action: The user must determine the transaction's status manually.

ORA-25406 could not generate a connect address

    Cause: Failover was unable to generate an address for a backup instance.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-25407 connection terminated

    Cause: The connection was lost while doing a fetch.

    Action: This is an internally used error message and should not be seen by the user.

ORA-25408 can not safely replay call

    Cause: The connection was lost while doing this call. It may not be safe to replay it after failover.

    Action: Check to see if the results of the call have taken place, and then replay it if desired.

ORA-25425 connection lost during rollback

    Cause: The connection was lost while issuing a rollback.

    Action: If the transaction is not externally coordinated, then Oracle implicitly rolled back, so no action is required. Otherwise examine PENDING_TRANS$ to determine if ROLLBACK FORCE is required.

ORA-25426 remote instance does not support shared dblinks

    Cause: A shared database link is being used to connect to a remote instance that does not support this feature because it is an older version.

    Action: Use a normal database link if you need to connect to this instance.

ORA-25436 invalid table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the table values specified had an invalid alias.

    Action: Check the valid table aliases in the evaluation context, and try again with a valid alias.

ORA-25437 duplicate table value for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because some of the table values specified had the same table alias.

    Action: Check the table values specified, and try again with only one value per table.

ORA-25438 invalid variable name: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the variable values specified had an invalid name.

    Action: Check the valid variable names in the evaluation context, and try again with a valid name.

ORA-25439 duplicate variable value for variable: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because some of the variable values specified had the same variable name.

    Action: Check the variable names specified, and try again with only one value per variable.

ORA-25440 invalid table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the column values specified had an invalid table alias.

    Action: Check the valid table aliases in the evaluation context, and try again with a valid name.

ORA-25441 duplicate column value for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the column values supplied a value for a table alias, which already had a table value supplied.

    Action: Check the table and column values specified, and try again with either a table value or column values for each table alias.

ORA-25442 too many column values for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because too many column values were supplied for the specified table alias.

    Action: Check the column values specified, and try again with the right number of column values.

ORA-25443 duplicate column value for table alias: string, column number: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because duplicate column values were supplied for the specified table alias and column number.

    Action: Check the column values specified, and try again with only one column value for each table alias and column number.

ORA-25444 invalid ROWID: string for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because an invalid ROWID was supplied for the specified table alias.

    Action: Check the column values specified, and try again with only one column value for each table alias and column number.

ORA-25445 invalid column number: string for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because an invalid column number was supplied for the specified table alias as a part of a column value.

    Action: Check the column values specified, and try again with a valid column number.

ORA-25446 duplicate column value for table alias: string, column: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because duplicate column values were supplied for the specified table alias and column name.

    Action: Check the specified column values, and try again with only one column value for each table alias and column name.

ORA-25447 encountered errors during evaluation of rule string.string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed during the evaluation of the specified rule.

    Action: Check the rule and the values passed to evaluate, and try again with valid values.

ORA-25448 rule string.string has errors

    Cause: An attempt to load the specified rule failed due to errors in the rule.

    Action: Check the rule and retry the operation.

ORA-25461 rule set not specified

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because the ruleset name specified was null.

    Action: Check the rule set name, and try again with a valid name.

ORA-25462 evaluation context not specified

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because the evaluation context specified was null.

    Action: Check the evaluation context name, and try again with a valid name.

ORA-25463 table alias not specified

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the table values specified had a NULL alias name.

    Action: Check the list of table values, and try again with a valid alias name.

ORA-25464 ROWID not specified for table alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because the table value for the specified table alias had a NULL ROWID.

    Action: Check the list of table values, and try again with a valid ROWID.

ORA-25465 variable name not specified

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the variable values specified had a NULL variable name.

    Action: Check the list of variable values, and try again with a valid variable name.

ORA-25466 data not specified for variable name: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because the variable value for the specified variable name had NULL data.

    Action: Check the list of variable values, and try again with valid data.

ORA-25467 table alias not specified

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the column values specified had a NULL alias name.

    Action: Check the list of column values, and try again with a valid alias name.

ORA-25468 column name not specified for alias: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because one of the column values for the specified alias name had a NULL column name.

    Action: Check the list of column values, and try again with a valid column name.

ORA-25469 data not specified for alias: string column name: string

    Cause: An attempt to evaluate was made, which failed because the column value for the specified alias and column name had NULL data.

    Action: Check the list of column values, and try again with valid data.

ORA-25500 database is not open

    Cause: Database must be open to perform ALTER SYSTEM QUIESCE RESTRICTED command.

    Action: Open the database and retry this command.

ORA-25501 ALTER SYSTEM QUIESCE RESTRICTED command failed

    Cause: Database resource manager failed to change plan.

    Action: Look at the alert logs to see a detailed description of the error.

ORA-25502 concurrent ALTER SYSTEM QUIESCE/UNQUIESCE command is running

    Cause: There is a concurrent ALTER SYSTEM QUIESCE RESTRICTED or ALTER SYSTEM UNQUIESCE command running in the system.

    Action: Contact the database administrator who is responsible for the concurrent command.

ORA-25503 cannot open database because the database is being quiesced

    Cause: Database cannot be opened because the system is being or has been quiesced.

    Action: Open the database after the system has been quiesced.

ORA-25504 the system is already in quiesced state

    Cause: Cannot quiesce the system because the system is already quiesced.

ORA-25505 the system is not in quiesced state

    Cause: Cannot unquiesce the system because the system is not in quiesced state.

ORA-25506 resource manager has not been continuously on in some instances

    Cause: Cannot quiesce the system because resource manager has not been continuously on since startup in this or some other instances.

ORA-25507 resource manager has not been continuously on

    Cause: Cannot quiesce the system because resource manager has not been continuously on since startup.

ORA-25508 database is not mounted

    Cause: Database must be mounted to perform ALTER SYSTEM UNQUIESCE command.

    Action: Mount the database and retry this command.

ORA-25509 operation on "string"."string".string not allowed

    Cause: A column has been added to a replicated table, but replication support processing has not completed.

    Action: Wait until replication support processing has completed before updating the column.

ORA-25526 bad format of _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET: string

    Cause: One value in _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET is not a valid MTTR.

    Action: Alter the value of _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET.

ORA-25527 bad format of _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET

    Cause: One value in _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET is empty.

    Action: Set the value of _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET properly.

ORA-25528 too many candidate MTTRs are specified in _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET

    Cause: Too many candidate MTTRs are specified in _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET.

    Action: Alter the value of _DB_MTTR_SIM_TARGET.

ORA-25530 FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET is not specified

    Cause: An attempt to start MTTR advisory was made, which failed because FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET was not specified.

    Action: Set FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET.

ORA-25531 MTTR specified is too small: number

    Cause: The current FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET setting or a candidate MTTR setting is too small for MTTR advisory.

    Action: Set a larger FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET or candidate MTTR.

ORA-25532 MTTR specified is too large: number

    Cause: The current FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET setting or a candidate MTTR setting is too large for MTTR advisory.

    Action: Set a smaller FAST_START_MTTR_TARGET or candidate MTTR.

ORA-25950 missing where clause in join index specification

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because no valid where clause was found.

    Action: Ensure that a where clause with valid join conditions is specified in the create index statement.

ORA-25951 join index where clause cannot contain OR condition

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because there was an OR branch in the where clause.

    Action: Reformulate the where clause without using ORs.

ORA-25952 join index must only contain inner equi-joins

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because it included a predicate which wasn't an equi-inner join.

    Action: Remove the inappropriate predicate.

ORA-25953 join index cannot be a functional index

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because a functional index was requested or necessary (such as is the case for indexing columns using timezone).

    Action: Remove any functional indexing columns.

ORA-25954 missing primary key or unique constraint on dimension

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because one or more dimensions did not have an appropriate constraint matching the join conditions.

    Action: Ensure that the where clause is correct (contains all of the constraint columns) and that an enforced constraint is on each dimension table.

ORA-25955 all tables must be joined in the where clause

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because one of the tables in the from clause did not appear in the where clause.

    Action: Ensure that the where clause contains all from clause tables.

ORA-25956 join index cannot be created on tables owned by SYS

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because one of the tables was owned by SYS.

    Action: Ensure that no join index related table is owned by SYS.

ORA-25957 join index where clause cannot contain cycles

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because the where clause contains a cycle.

    Action: Ensure that the where clause is in the form of a star or snowflake schema.

ORA-25958 join index where clause predicate may only contain column references

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because a predicate in the where clause contained something other than a simple column.

    Action: Ensure that the where clause only contains columns.

ORA-25959 join index must be of the bitmap type

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because no bitmap keyword was used.

    Action: Make the index a bitmap index.

ORA-25960 join index cannot be based on a temporary table

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because one of the tables was temporary.

    Action: Ensure no underlying tables are temporary.

ORA-25961 join index prevents dml cascade constraint operation

    Cause: An attempt to execute dml resulted in the need to perform dml on another table because of a cascade constraint. The join index only allows one of its underlying tables to me modified at a time.

    Action: Drop the join index or remove the constraint.

ORA-25962 join index prevents multitable insert or merge

    Cause: An attempt to execute an merge or multitable insert on a table that was used to create a bitmap join index was made. Merge and multitable inserts are not supported on tables that were used to create a bitmap join index.

    Action: Drop the join index.

ORA-25963 join index must be created on tables

    Cause: An attempt to create a join index was made, which failed because the from clause contains non table object.

    Action: Ensure that the from clause only contains tables.

ORA-25964 column type incompatible with join column type

    Cause: The datatype of the join column is incompatible with the datatype of the joined column.

    Action: Select a compatible datatype for the join column.

ORA-26000 partition load specified but table string is not partitioned

    Cause: The Loader control file contains a PARTITION clause but the table being loaded is not partitioned.

    Action: Remove the partition specification from the SQL*Loader control file and retry the load.

ORA-26001 Index string specified in SORTED INDEXES does not exist on table string

    Cause: A non-existent index was specified in the SORTED INDEXES clause.

    Action: Do not specify as a SORTED INDEX.

ORA-26002 Table string has index defined upon it.

    Cause: Parallel load was specified into a table which has index defined upon it.

    Action: Drop index(es) defined upon table, or do not use parallel load, or use SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE option.

ORA-26003 parallel load not supported for index-organized table string

    Cause: Parallel load is not supported for index-organized tables.

    Action: Load the index-organized table without the PARALLEL option.

ORA-26004 Tables loaded through the direct path may not be clustered

    Cause: An attempt was made to load a clustered table via the direct path.

    Action: Use the conventional path.

ORA-26005 Invalid handle for direct path load

    Cause: In direct path load, the handle passed in does not match the type listed.

    Action: Verify the handle and type are correct.

ORA-26006 Incorrect bind variable in column string's sql expression - string

    Cause: In direct path load, the bind variables listed in the sql expression do not match the input argument column names.

    Action: Verify all the input arguments are listed in the expression as bind variables, and all the bind variables are listed as input arguments to the expression. Or verify that there were no errors in executing the OCI statements when getting the bind variable list.

ORA-26007 For INSERT option, table must be empty. Error on table string

    Cause: The user tried to use the INSERT option on a non-empty table.

    Action: Empty the table from SQL*Plus, or use the REPLACE option.

ORA-26008 NOT NULL column string has a nullif clause

    Cause: A column which is NOT NULL in the database has a SQL*Loader NULLIF clause on it.

    Action: Remove the NULLIF clause in the SQL*Loader control file.

ORA-26009 NOT NULL column string has a defaultif clause which may evaluate to null

    Cause: A column which is NOT NULL in the database has a SQL*Loader DEFAULTIF clause which may evaluate to null.

    Action: Remove the DEFAULTIF clause in the SQL*Loader control file.

ORA-26010 Column string in table string is NOT NULL and is not being loaded

    Cause: A column which is NOT NULL in the database is not being loaded and will cause every row to be rejected.

    Action: Load the column by specifying the NOT NULL column in the INTO TABLE clause in the SQL*Loader control file.

ORA-26011 Cannot load type string into column string in table string

    Cause: A column can only store data of type declared for that column and a substitutable column can only store data of valid subtypes of the supertype declared for that column.

    Action: Check that the type or subtype specified is valid for that column.

ORA-26012 No data found while executing sql statement string for column string - check input for: string

    Cause: Executing sql statement against the data dictionary tables returned "ORA-01403: no data found".

    Action: No data retrieved when selecting against the data dictionary tables most likely means that there's an error in user input. Check that the input listed is correct.

ORA-26013 List allocated may not be big enough

    Cause: There seems to be a discrepancy between the size for a list or buffer allocated by direct path api and the size needed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26014 OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_SUBST_OBJ_TBL is set for non-final object table string

    Cause: Client set OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_SUBST_OBJ_TBL for either a non-object table or for a final object table. This attribute can only be, and must be, set for non-final object tables.

    Action: Check the type of the loading table. Do not set this attribute if the table is not a non-final object table.

ORA-26015 Array column string in table string is not supported by direct path

    Cause: User attempted to load an array column via the direct path.

    Action: Use the conventional path.

ORA-26016 Record string: Rejected - Error on table string, partition string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an Oracle error on insert.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record. The offending column(s) are not known.

ORA-26017 Global indexes not allowed on direct path partition load, table string

    Cause: Global indexes are defined on a table when direct path loading a single partition of the table.

    Action: Remove the global index from the named table and retry the operation.

ORA-26018 Column string in table string does not exist

    Cause: Column specified in the loader control file does not exist.

    Action: Make sure the column exists and that you have privileges on it. Correct the loader control file if it is wrong.

ORA-26019 Column string in table string of type string not supported by direct path

    Cause: The specified column of SQL column type string is not supported by the direct path loader.

    Action: If the column is NULLable, remove it from the control file description. Then it will be loaded as a NULL.

ORA-26020 index string.string loaded successfully with string keys

    Cause: Non-partitioned index information put to loader log file.

    Action: No action required. This is an informational message.

ORA-26021 index string.string partition string loaded successfully with string keys

    Cause: Partitioned index information put to loader log file.

    Action: No action required. This is an informational message.

ORA-26022 index string.string was made unusable due to:

    Cause: A non-partitioned index was made index unusable due to the error displayed below this error.

    Action: Depending on the error, either rebuild the index, or drop and re-create it.

ORA-26023 index string.string partition string was made unusable due to:

    Cause: A partition of a partitioned index was made index unusable due to error displayed below this error.

    Action: Depending on the error, either rebuild the index partition, or drop and re-create the entire index.

ORA-26024 SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES requested and index segment was initially unusable

    Cause: User requested SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES option, and the index segment was in unusable state prior to the beginning of the load.

    Action: Informational only. User will need to either rebuild the index or index partition, or re-create the index.

ORA-26025 SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE option requested

    Cause: A request was made that index maintenance be skipped on a direct path load.

    Action: The listed index was put into Index Unusable state due to the user requesting that index maintenance be skipped. Either rebuild the index or index partitions, or drop and re-create the index.

ORA-26026 unique index string.string initially in unusable state

    Cause: A unique index is in IU state (a unique index cannot have index maintenance skipped via SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES).

    Action: Either rebuild the index or index partition, or use SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE if the client is SQL*Loader.

ORA-26027 unique index string.string partition string initially in unusable state

    Cause: A partition of a unique index is in IU state (a unique index cannot have index maintenance skipped via SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES).

    Action: Either rebuild the index or index partition, or use SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE if the client is SQL*Loader.

ORA-26028 index string.string initially in unusable state

    Cause: An index is in IU state prior to the beginning of a direct path load, it cannot be maintained by the loader.

    Action: Either rebuild the index, re-create the index, or use either SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES or SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE (SQL*Loader only).

ORA-26029 index string.string partition string initially in unusable state

    Cause: A partition of an index is in IU state prior to the beginning of a direct path load, it cannot be maintained by the loader.

    Action: Either rebuild index partition, re-create the index, or use either SKIP_UNUSABLE_INDEXES or SKIP_INDEX_MAINTENANCE (SQL*Loader only).

ORA-26030 index string.string had string partitions made unusable due to:

    Cause: A logical index error occurred on a partitioned index which affected one or more index partitions, which are listed below this message.

    Action: The affected index partitions will have to be rebuilt, or, the entire index dropped and re-created.

ORA-26031 index maintenance error, the load cannot continue

    Cause: A index error occurred during the index maintenance phase of a direct path load. The load cannot continue. See error message below this message.

    Action: See action for the error message which follows this one.

ORA-26032 index string.string loading aborted after string keys

    Cause: An index error occurred during direct-load of an index-organized table. Loading had to be aborted. No rows were loaded.

    Action: Check the key just following the number of keys mentioned above. This key caused the index problem mentioned in an earlier message.

ORA-26033 error while evaluating index string.string, row string due to:

    Cause: An index error occurred while attempting to evaluate an expression on a functional index.

    Action: Verify that the input data is valid for the functional index.

ORA-26034 end of logical record found when reading length of varying length field

    Cause: While attempting to read the length portion of a varying length field, then end of the logical record was reached.

    Action: Verify that the control file describes the data correctly and that the data in the datafile matches the description in the control file

ORA-26035 Record string: Rejected - Error on table string, subpartition string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an Oracle error on insert.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record. The offending column(s) are not known.

ORA-26036 subpartition load specified but table string is not subpartitioned

    Cause: The Loader control file contains a PARTITION clause but the table being loaded is not subpartitioned.

    Action: Remove the subpartition specification from the SQL*Loader control file and retry the load.

ORA-26037 Record string: Rejected - Error on table string, subpartition string

    Cause: The record indicated caused an Oracle error on insert.

    Action: Determine the Oracle error and correct the record. The offending column(s) are not known.

ORA-26038 error converting character length field to a number

    Cause: An error occurred while attempting to convert the characters containing the count portion of a VARCHARC or VARRAWC field.

    Action: Verify that the count portion for the field has the correct value.

ORA-26039 Table string has domain index defined upon it

    Cause: Direct path load was specified for a table which has a domain index defined upon it.

    Action: Drop domain index(es) defined on the table or use the conventional path.

ORA-26040 Data block was loaded using the NOLOGGING option

    Cause: An attempt was made to access data in a block that was loaded without redo generation using the NOLOGGING/UNRECOVERABLE option.

    Action: Drop the object containing the block.

ORA-26041 DATETIME/INTERVAL datatype conversion error

    Cause: The column could not be converted from DATETIME datatype to internal DATETIME/CHARACTER datatype.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26042 unable to convert format string into internal form

    Cause: An attempt to convert a DATETIME format string into internal format in preparation for DATETIME datatype processing failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26043 unable to convert time zone for DATETIME/INTERVAL processing

    Cause: An attempt to convert the time zone specified by the ORA_STDZ environment variable to internal format failed.

    Action: Verify that the setting for ORA_STDZ is valid.

ORA-26044 unable to to get DATETIME/INTERVAL reference date

    Cause: An attempt to retrieve the system reference date for DATETIME/INTERVAL datatypes failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26045 REF column string expects string arguments; found string.

    Cause: The number of arguments for the REF column is incorrect.

    Action: Specify the correct number of input arguments for REFs.

        * Unscoped system-generated REFs can have exactly 1 or 2 input arguments.

          It has exactly 1 input argument (one for the OID value) if a fixed table name was specified through OCI_DIRPATH_EXPR_REF_TBLNAME.

          It has exactly 2 input arguments (one for the table name and one for the OID value) if a fixed table name was not specified through OCI_DIRPATH_EXPR_REF_TBLNAME.
        * Scoped system-generated REFs can have 1 or 2 input arguments.

          Because a table name argument is not needed for a scoped ref, only 1 argument (OID value) is expected. But if the table name argument is given, it's still accepted.
        * Scoped primary-key REFs with N columns in its primary-key OID can have N or N+1 input arguments.

          Because a table name argument is not needed for a scoped ref, only N arguments (making up the OID value) is expected. But if the table name argument is given, it's still accepted.


ORA-26046 REF column string expects scoped table name string; user passed in string.

    Cause: The scoped table name passed in by the user does not match the name in the schema.

    Action: Specify the correct table name for the scoped REF column.

ORA-26047 REF column has invalid value for system generated oid

    Cause: The value passed in by the user for the system generated oid does not consist of valid hexadecimal digits.

    Action: Specify a valid oid value for the REF column.

ORA-26048 Scoped REF column has wrong table name.

    Cause: The scoped table name passed in by the user does not match the name in the schema.

    Action: Specify the correct table name for the scoped REF column.

ORA-26049 Unscoped REF column has non-existent table name.

    Cause: The table name passed in by the user does not exist in the schema.

    Action: Specify a valid table name for the unscoped REF column.

ORA-26050 Direct path load of domain index is not supported for this column type.

    Cause: Direct path can not load a domain index of that column type.

    Action: Drop the index and try again or load using conventional path.

ORA-26051 internal error parsing packed decimal format string

    Cause: A packed decimal field with a nonzero scale factor is mapped to a character column. In order to perform the datatype conversion, a numeric format string must be created based on the input field's precision and scale specifications. Direct path loader encountered an error in creating this format string.

    Action: Examine the packed decimal field's precision and scale specifications and make sure that they contain valid values.

ORA-26052 Unsupported type number for SQL expression on column string.

    Cause: The direct path api does not support a SQL expression on a column of that type.

    Action: Make sure the types are correct.

ORA-26076 cannot set or reset value after direct path structure is allocated

    Cause: Client attempted to set or reset the number of rows in a direct path structure after it has already been allocated and initialized. Attributes used is one of the following:

        * OCI_ATTR_NUM_ROWS: to set # of rows in a direct path column array
        * OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_DCACHE_SIZE: to set size of a date cache (default is 0)
        * OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_DCACHE_DISABLE: to set whether date cache will be disabled on overflow (default is FALSE)

    Action: Set the following attributes before:

        * OCI_ATTR_NUM_ROWS: before calling OCIHandleAlloc for column array
        * OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_DCACHE_SIZE: before calling OCIDirPathPrepare
        * OCI_ATTR_DIRPATH_DCACHE_DISABLE: before calling OCIDirPathPrepare


ORA-26077 direct path column array is not initialized

    Cause: Client attempted to allocate a column array for a direct path function context before allocating a column array for the table-level direct path context.

    Action: Allocate the table-level direct path context's column array via OCIHandleAlloc before allocating column arrays for direct path function contexts.

ORA-26078 file string is not part of database being loaded

    Cause: A parallel load file was specified which is not part of the database.

    Action: Check filename and pathname for correctness.

ORA-26079 file string is not part of table string.string

    Cause: A parallel load file was specified which is not in the tablespace of the table being loaded.

    Action: Check to make sure that the specified parallel load file is in the tablespace of the table being loaded.

ORA-26080 file string is not part of table string.string partition string

    Cause: A parallel load file was specified which is not in the tablespace of the table (partition, subpartition) being loaded. When a partitioned table is being loaded, the file must be in the tablespace of every partition or subpartition (that is, each (sub)partition must be in the same tablespace).

    Action: Specify a different parallel load file, or no file at all.

ORA-26081 load stream synchronization error

    Cause: The row header flag byte contains an unexpected value, this indicates that an error has occurred in either the generation of, or the pushing of the load stream from the client to the server.

    Action: Usually due to an application programming error when dealing with error handling, or not resetting the stream state.

ORA-26082 load of overlapping segments on table string.string is not allowed

    Cause: Client application is attempting to do multiple direct path load operations on the same table, but the segments overlap.

    Action: Check the partition names (subname attribute of the direct path context) being loaded. Make sure you are not loading a table and a partition of the same table. Make sure you are not loading a partition, and a sub-partition within the same partition.

ORA-26084 direct path context already finished

    Cause: An OCIDirPathLoadStream operation was attempted after OCIDirPathFinish was called. Once a direct path operation has been finished, no more data can be loaded.

    Action: Check program logic to make sure OCIDirPathLoadStream is not called after OCIDirPathFinish.

ORA-26085 direct path operation must start its own transaction

    Cause: A direct path operation is being attempted within a transaction that has already been started.

    Action: Commit the transaction and Prepare the direct path operation again.

ORA-26086 direct path does not support triggers

    Cause: A direct path operation is being attempted on a table which has enabled triggers.

    Action: Disable the triggers on the table and try again.

ORA-26087 direct path does not support referential constraints

    Cause: A direct path operation was attempted on a table which has enabled referential integrity constraints.

    Action: Disable the referential integrity constraints on the table and try again.

ORA-26088 scalar column 'string' must be specified prior to LOB columns

    Cause: All scalar columns (that is, non-LOB and non-LONG columns) must be specified by the client of the direct path API prior to specifying any LOB columns.

    Action: Specify all scalar columns prior to specifying any LOB columns.

ORA-26089 LONG column 'string' must be specified last

    Cause: A client of the direct path API specified a LONG column to be loaded, but the LONG column was not the last column to be specified.

    Action: Specify the LONG column last.

ORA-26090 row is in partial state

    Cause: A direct path operation is being finished or a data save request has been made, but the table for which the request is being made on has a row in partial state. The row must be completed before the segment high water marks can be moved.

    Action: Either complete the row, or abort the direct path operation.

ORA-26091 requested direct path operation not supported

    Cause: A direct path operation was requested that is not supported

    Action: Do not use that operation. Currently, UNLOAD is not supported.

ORA-26092 only LONG or LOB types can be partial

    Cause: A column which is not a LONG or LOB had the OCI_DIRPATH_COL_PARTIAL flag associated with it. Only LONG or LOB type columns can be loaded in pieces.

    Action: Do not use the OCI_DIRPATH_COL_PARTIAL flag for the column.

ORA-26093 stream offset does not map to a column array

    Cause: The ROW_COUNT attribute was being read from a direct path stream handle and it was found that the stream offset for the last processed row did not map to a column array offset.

    Action: Make sure the stream was sourced from a column array.

ORA-26094 stream format error: input column overflow

    Cause: An input stream contained data for more input columns than specified by the client of the direct path API.

    Action: Make sure that the stream being loaded is for the correct table. Check initialization sequence.

ORA-26095 unprocessed stream data exists

    Cause: Either a OCIDirPathLoadStream call was made which provided more stream data prior to the server being able to fully process the stream data that it already has, or a OCIDirPathFinish call was made when the server had unprocessed stream data.

    Action: Most likely an application misuse of the direct path API. Make sure that the stream is not being reset inadvertently prior to any previous stream data being processed, or, that OCIDirPathFinish is not being called prematurely (that is, stream pushed, error encountered and LoadStream not called to process the remainder of the stream before Finish is called).

ORA-26096 transfer size too small for row data (number bytes required)

    Cause: Either the transfer buffer size specified, or the default transfer buffer size (if you did not specify a size), is too small to contain a single row of the converted row data.

    Action: Set the transfer buffer size attribute of the direct path context to be larger.

ORA-26097 unsupported conversion for column string (from type number to type number)

    Cause: The direct path API does not support the required conversion.

    Action: Make sure the types are correct.

ORA-26098 direct path context is not prepared

    Cause: A direct path API function was called with a direct path context which has not been prepared.

    Action: Make sure all necessary attributes in the direct path context have been set, and the context is prepared via OCIDirPathPrepare.

ORA-26099 direct path context is already prepared

    Cause: OCIDirPathPrepare was called with a context that has already been prepared.

    Action: Free the direct path context, set necessary attributes, and call OCIDirPathPrepare.

ORA-26100: unused error

    Cause: This error is not used.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-26101 tablespace # in file header is string rather than string for file string

    Cause: The tablespace number in the file header is inconsistent with that in the control file.

    Action: Check if the control file has been migrated correctly. Retry with the correct control file and datafile.

ORA-26102 relative file # in file header is string rather than string for file string

    Cause: The relative file number in the file header is inconsistent with that in the control file.

    Action: Check if the control file has been migrated correctly. Retry with the correct control file and datafile.

ORA-26103 V6 or V7 data file used to create control file

    Cause: The file header of the referenced file is in V6 or V7 format.

    Action: Either remove the file from the create control file command, or somehow migrate the file header to V8 format.

ORA-26500 error on caching "string"."string"

    Cause: Attempt to cache the replication information which is unavailable in the catalog for the object.

    Action: Use DBMS_REPUTIL.SYNC_UP_REP to validate the replication catalog, or use DBMS_REPUTIL.MAKE_INTERNAL_PKG to validate internal package.

ORA-26501 RepAPI operation failure

    Cause: An external RepAPI operation failed.

    Action: Consult detail error message.

ORA-26502 error resignal

    Cause: An internal service failed and signalled an error.

    Action: Consult detail error message.

ORA-26503 internal RepAPI operation failure on object string.string

    Cause: An unexpected internal RepAPI failure was detected.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26504 operation not implemented

    Cause: The caller requested a RepAPI operation that was not implemented.

    Action: Do not issue this call.

ORA-26505 unexpected internal null

    Cause: An internal buffer control structure was NULL.

    Action: Verify that sufficient memory resources are available to RepAPI.

ORA-26506 null global context

    Cause: An internal buffer control structure was NULL.

    Action: Verify that sufficient memory resources are available to RepAPI.

ORA-26507 null master connection

    Cause: The master connection handle was or became invalid.

    Action: Verify that the master connection is valid.

ORA-26508 null materialized view connection

    Cause: The client connection handle was or became invalid.

    Action: Verify that the client connection is valid.

ORA-26509 null materialized view control structure

    Cause: An internal materialized view control structure could not be obtained.

    Action: Check that the owner and users provided are correct.

ORA-26510 materialized view name: 'string' is greater than max. allowed length of string bytes

    Cause: The specified materialized view name was too long.

    Action: Shorten the materialized view name.

ORA-26511 master table 'string.string' not found

    Cause: A RepAPI operation was attempted against a non-existent or invalid master table.

    Action: Verify that the master table object exists.

ORA-26512 error pushing transaction to def$error

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred while sending an DEF$ERROR RPC to the master site.

    Action: Verify that the DBMS_DEFER package is valid and executable by the RepAPI client. Contact the local or master site administrator, if necessary.

ORA-26513 push error: master proc. string$RP.string failed for trans:string seq:string

    Cause: A conflict/error occurred at the master site while executing a $RP.rep_insert(), rep_update(), or rep_delete() function which was not handled by conflict resolution logic at the master.

    Action: Notify master site system administrator or database administrator.

ORA-26514 object 'string.string' not found

    Cause: The specified object was expected but not found.

    Action: Verify that the specified object exists and is valid.

ORA-26515 no master log available for 'string.string'

    Cause: The specified master log was not found or available for the named table.

    Action: Create the master log at the master site or correct any problems that may exist with the log.

ORA-26516 no push transaction acknowledgement

    Cause: RepAPI was unable to confirm that the last pushed transaction was successfully committed by the master site.

    Action: Verify that the communications link between the local site and the master site is still valid. If the transaction has not been committed at the master, repush the transaction.

ORA-26517 materialized view control entry for 'string.string' was not found

    Cause: The specified materialized view catalog control record was not found.

    Action: Verify that the local materialized view catalog is valid and that the local materialized view is properly defined.

ORA-26518 push queue synchronization error detected

    Cause: Client tried to repush a transaction has already been committed at the master site. A common cause of this problem is an error at the local site in initializing or updating the local site transaction sequence mechanism.

    Action: Verify that transaction data that RepAPI was attempting to repushed to the master site exists at the master table and is valid and consistent with the local site. If this error occurs, redundantly identified transactions are ignored and then purged from the local updatable materialized view logs. Check that the local site is correctly assigning new transaction IDs and is not accidently generating non-unique values.

ORA-26519 no memory available to allocate

    Cause: There was no memory left for the RepAPI process. This error may occur when RepAPI is trying to allocate a new table buffer area.

    Action: Shut down one or more local applications to attempt to free heap memory and retry the RepAPI operation.

ORA-26520 internal memory failure

    Cause: An internal memory error was detected.

    Action: Check if other errors have occurred or determine if any local application may have corrupted the memory subsystem.

ORA-26521 rpc initialization error

    Cause: An error occurred during the initialization of a PL/SQL RPC.

    Action: Verify that the procedure to be invoked exists and is valid at the master site and is executable by the RepAPI user.

ORA-26522 rpc execution error

    Cause: An error occurred during the execution of a PL/SQL RPC.

    Action: Check the error messages from the remote procedure and fix any remote site problems that may be preventing the execution of the invoked RPC.

ORA-26523 rpc termination error

    Cause: An error occurred during the termination of a PL/SQL RPC. This is usually caused by master site being unable to close an opened cursor or if RepAPI cannot deallocate internal memory.

    Action: Fix any server side problems first, determine if the RepAPI memory subsystem has been corrupted.

ORA-26524 nls subsystem initialization failure for product=string, facility=string

    Cause: The NLS product/facility error message file could not be located or properly initialized.

    Action: Check that the error message directory and file(s) have been properly installed.

ORA-26525 session connection attempt failed for string (@string)

    Cause: A connection could not be established to the specified database using the provided connection string.

    Action: Check that the user, password, connect string, names services, network, and any remote site listener process are properly installed and working.

ORA-26526 materialized view sql ddl parse/expansion failed for string.string

    Cause: The client SQL materialized view definition query could not be properly parsed by the master Oracle site.

    Action: Check that materialized view DDL SQL is compatible with the currently connected version of Oracle and does not violate any of the RepAPI SQL limitations or restrictions.

ORA-26527 local store callback init phase failed for 'string.string'

    Cause: The client callback failed during its INIT phase for the named object.

    Action: Verify that the objects referenced by the client callback exist and are valid. Refer to the vendor-specific callback error code reference to diagnose the local problem. Record all error states and notify Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26528 local store callback proc phase failed for 'string.string'

    Cause: The client callback failed during its PROC phase for the named object.

    Action: Refer to the vendor-specific callback error code reference to diagnose the local problem. Record all error states and notify Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26529 local store callback term phase failed for 'string.string'

    Cause: The client callback failed during its TERM phase for the named object.

    Action: Refer to the vendor-specific callback error code reference to diagnose the local problem. Record all error states and notify Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26530 unable to build materialized view refresh control list

    Cause: The materialized view control list could not be constructed. This is generally the result of an error while accessing the local materialized view catalog.

    Action: Verify that the named materialized view(s) are properly defined and valid.

ORA-26532 replication parallel push simulated site failure

    Cause: A parallel push executed with event 26531 enabled raises this error to simulation failure of network or destination site.

    Action: Do not enable the event for normal operation.

ORA-26534 collision: tranID number ignored and purged

    Cause: A transaction that was pushed had a transaction ID that collided with a transaction that was previously pushed and committed at the master site.

    Action: See the action section for E_QUEUESYNC (26518).

ORA-26535 number byte row cache insufficient for table with rowsize=number

    Cause: A transaction that was pushed had a transaction ID that collided with a transaction that was previously pushed and committed at the master site.

    Action: Increase the RepAPI row buffer size or reduce the width of the replicated tables.

ORA-26536 refresh was aborted because of conflicts caused by deferred transactions

    Cause: There are outstanding conflicts logged in the DEFERROR table at the materialized view's master site.

    Action: Resolve the conflicts in the master DEFERROR table and refresh again after the table is empty. Alternatively, refresh with REFRESH_AFTER_ERRORS, even if there are conflicts in the master's DEFERROR table. Proceeding despite conflicts can result in an updatable materialized view's changes appearing to be temporarily lost, until a refresh succeeds after the conflicts are resolved.

ORA-26563 renaming this table is not allowed

    Cause: Attempt to rename a replicated table, an updatable materialized view table or the master table of a materialized view for which a materialized view log has been created.

    Action: If desired, unregister the replicated table with DBMS_REPCAT.DROP_MASTER_REPOBJECT, or use the recommended procedure to rename the master table of a materialized view.

ORA-26564 string argument is not of specified type

    Cause: User passed type of the given argument number does not match with the type of the argument in the stored arguments.

    Action: Invoke correct type procedure (that is, get_XXX_arg).

ORA-26565 Call to type_arg made before calling dbms_defer.call

    Cause: User invoked type_arg procedure before starting a deferred call.

    Action: Invoke various procedures in the correct order.

ORA-26566 Couldn't open connect to string

    Cause: Failed to open connection using given database link.

    Action: Make sure that the database link is valid and remote m/c is up.

ORA-26571 string.string.string: number of arguments (string) does not match replication catalog

    Cause: The number of arguments does not match the replication catalog.

    Action: Examine the total number of arguments for the RPC call.

ORA-26572 string.string.string: argument string does not match replication catalog

    Cause: The (RPC) call is corrupted.

    Action: Examine total number of arguments and each argument for the RPC call.

ORA-26575 remote database does not support replication parallel propagation

    Cause: The remote database has a version lower than Oracle 8.0 and hence does not understand replication parallel propagation.

    Action: Use serial propagation or upgrade the remote database to Oracle 8.0 or above.

ORA-26650 string background process string might not be started successfully

    Cause: An error occurred during creation of a capture or apply background process.

    Action: Review V$Capture and V$Apply_coordinator views for the status of these processes. Also check the trace file for more information.

ORA-26660 Invalid action context value for string

    Cause: The value specified in the action context is invalid for use in STREAMS.

    Action: Check that the type and value are correct.

ORA-26665 STREAMS process string already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a STREAMS process that already exists.

    Action: Either specify another STREAMS process or remove the existing STREAMS process.

ORA-26666 cannot alter STREAMS process string

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a STREAMS process that is currently running.

    Action: Stop the STREAMS process and re-issue the command.

ORA-26667 invalid STREAMS parameter string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid parameter.

    Action: Check the documentation for valid parameters.

ORA-26669 parameter string inconsistent with parameter string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a subprogram parameter value that is inconsistent with another parameter value.

    Action: Check the documentation for valid parameter values.

ORA-26670 STREAMS option requires COMPATIBLE parameter to be string or higher

    Cause: Streams requires compatibility to be 9.2.0 or higher.

    Action: Shut down and restart with an appropriate compatibility setting.

ORA-26671 maximum number of STREAMS processes exceeded

    Cause: Cannot create additional STREAMS processes since the maximum number of STREAMS processes has been reached.

    Action: Remove existing STREAMS processes and retry the operation.

ORA-26672 timeout occurred while stopping STREAMS process string

    Cause: Timeout occurred while waiting for a STREAMS process to shut down.

    Action: Retry the operation. If the error persists, then try stopping the process with the FORCE option, or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-26680 object type not supported

    Cause: The specified object type is not supported.

    Action: Retry with a supported object type.

ORA-26681 command type not supported

    Cause: The specified command type is not supported.

    Action: Retry with a supported command type.

ORA-26682 invalid value for publication_on

    Cause: The publication_on parameter should be either 'Y' or 'N'.

    Action: Retry with a proper value for publication_on.

ORA-26683 invalid value for value_type

    Cause: The value_type parameter should be either 'OLD' or 'NEW'.

    Action: Retry with proper value_type.

ORA-26684 invalid value for value_type

    Cause: The value_type parameter should be one of 'OLD', 'NEW', or '*'.

    Action: Retry with proper value_type.

ORA-26685 cannot apply transactions from multiple sources

    Cause: Transactions from multiple sources were sent to the same apply process.

    Action: Create multiple apply processes and create appropriate rules so that transactions from only one source reach an apply process.

ORA-26686 cannot capture from specified SCN

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid SCN.

    Action: Retry with a valid SCN.

ORA-26687 no instantiation SCN provided

    Cause: Object SCN has not been set.

    Action: Set the SCN by calling DBMS_APPLY_ADM.SET_INSTANTIATION_SCN.

ORA-26688 missing key in LCR

    Cause: Metadata mismatch, or not enough information in the user generated LCR.

    Action: Alter the database object, or provide all defined keys in the LCR.

ORA-26689 column datatype mismatch in LCR

    Cause: The datatypes of columns in the LCR are not the same as the datatypes in the database object.

    Action: Alter the database object.

ORA-26690 datatype not supported at non-Oracle system

    Cause: One of the columns of the LCR being applied was of a datatype not supported by either the target non-Oracle system or by the Oracle transparent gateway through which the apply is being done.

    Action: Do not apply data of this type. If possible, filter out columns containing such datatypes before applying.

ORA-26691 operation not supported at non-Oracle system

    Cause: The apply process attempted an operation that is either not supported by the non-Oracle system or by the Oracle transparent gateway through which the apply is being done. Some kinds of DML (like procedure and function calls) and all DDL will cause this error to be raised.

    Action: Do not attempt to apply such LCRs to non-Oracle systems. If possible, filter out such LCRs before applying.

ORA-26701 STREAMS process string does not exist

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a STREAMS process which does not exist.

    Action: Check with the relevant security views for the correct name of the object.

ORA-27000 skgfqsbi: failed to initialize storage subsystem (SBT) layer

    Cause: SBTINIT returned an error, additional information indicates error.

    Action: Verify that vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27001 unsupported device type

    Cause: The specified device type is supported on this platform.

    Action: Check V$BACKUP_DEVICE for supported device types.

ORA-27002 function called with invalid device structure

    Cause: An internal error occurred. Additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27003 cannot open file on device allocated with NOIO option

    Cause: An internal error occurred. A file is being created/retrieved on a device allocated with NOIO option, additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27004 invalid blocksize specified

    Cause: An internal error occurred. The block size specified is incorrect for the device on which file is being created, additional information indicates block size specified, and the function that encountered the error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27005 cannot open file for async I/O on device not supporting async

    Cause: An internal error occurred. A file is being opened for asynchronous I/O on a device that does not support asynchronous I/O, additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27006 sbtremove returned error

    Cause: Additional information indicates error returned by SBTREMOVE, and the function that encountered the error.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27007 failed to open file

    Cause: SBTOPEN returned error, additional information indicates error returned from SBTOPEN, and the function that encountered the error.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27008 function called with invalid file structure

    Cause: An internal error occurred. Additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27009 skgfwrt: cannot write to file opened for read

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27010 skgfwrt: write to file failed

    Cause: SBTWRITE returned error, additional information indicates error returned from SBTWRITE.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27011 skgfrd: cannot read from file opened for write

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27012 skgfrd: read from file failed

    Cause: SBTREAD returned error, additional information indicates error returned from SBTREAD.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27013 skgfqdel: cannot delete an open file

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27014 skgfqpini: translation error while expanding SS_UDMPDIR

    Cause: Failure of SLTLN in SKGFQPINI.

    Action: Check additional return error for more information.

ORA-27015 skgfcls: failed to close the file

    Cause: SBTCLOSE returned an error. Additional information indicates error returned from SBTCLOSE.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27016 skgfcls: sbtinfo returned error

    Cause: Additional information indicates error returned from SBTINFO.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly.

ORA-27017 skgfcls: media handle returned by sbtinfo exceeds max length(SSTMXQMH)

    Cause: Media handle string length exceeds SSTMXQMH.

    Action: Verify that the vendor's storage subsystem product is operating correctly, and that the platform limit (SSTMXQMH) is at least 64 (the limit specified for SBTINFO). additional information indicates the media handle string length returned by SBTINFO, and the limit (SSTMXQMH).

ORA-27018 BLKSIZE is not a multiple of the minimum physical block size

    Cause: User-specified BLKSIZE (blocking factor) is not a multiple of the minimum block size that is permitted on this platform.

    Action: Two ADDITIONAL INFORMATION messages are displayed which show the blocking factor provided by the user and the minimum physical block size. Specify a BLKSIZE that is an integral multiple of the minimum block size.

ORA-27019 tape filename length exceeds limit (SBTOPMXF)

    Cause: The length of the tape file name provided to sequential I/O OSD functions is too long.

    Action: Additional information indicates in which function this error is encountered, the length of file name provided, and the limit on file name.

ORA-27020 named devices not supported

    Cause: The platform or the specified device type does not support named devices.

    Action: Do not specify device name or use a device type that supports named devices. Use V$BACKUP_DEVICE view to see what device types and names (if any) are available.

ORA-27021 sequential file handle must be specified

    Cause: The file name which will be passed to SBTOPEN was not specified.

    Action: Specify a file name and continue. If this is a backup set being created via Recovery Manager, use the 'format' option to specify the backup piece handle name.

ORA-27022 skgfqsbi: could not allocate memory for media manager

    Cause: Oracle could not allocate memory required by the media management software which is linked with Oracle to provide backup/restore services.

    Action: Increase the amount of memory available to the Oracle process and retry the backup/restore.

ORA-27023 skgfqsbi: media manager protocol error

    Cause: The media management software which is linked with Oracle to provide backup/restore services did not provide its function pointer structure to Oracle. This is an internal error in the media management product.

    Action: Contact the media management vendor.

ORA-27024 skgfqsbi: sbtinit2 returned error

    Cause: SBTINIT2 returned an error. This happens during a backup or restore operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27025 skgfqsbi: invalid media manager context area size

    Cause: The media management software requested a context area size which is greater than the maximum allowable size. This is an internal error in the media management product.

    Action: Contact the media management vendor.

ORA-27026 skgfrls: sbtend returned error

    Cause: SBTEND returned an error. This happens during a backup or restore operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27027 sbtremove2 returned error

    Cause: SBTREMOVE2 returned an error. This happens when deleting a backup file.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27028 skgfqcre: sbtbackup returned error

    Cause: SBTBACKUP returned an error. This happens when creating a backup file during a backup operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27029 skgfrtrv: sbtrestore returned error

    Cause: SBTRESTORE returned an error. This happens when retrieving a backup file during a restore operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27030 skgfwrt: sbtwrite2 returned error

    Cause: SBTWRITE2 returned an error. This happens while writing a backup file during a backup operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27031 mirror resilvering functions not supported

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27032 skgfrpini: failed to obtain file size limit

    Cause: GETRLIMIT system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27033 skgfrpini: failed to obtain file size limit

    Cause: ULIMIT system call returned an error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27034 skgfrcre: maximum length of ORACLE_SID exceeded

    Cause: Too many characters in the ORACLE_SID string.

    Action: Rename the ORACLE_SID to a string of up to the maximum number of characters specified for your system.

ORA-27035 logical block size is invalid

    Cause: Logical block size for Oracle files must be a multiple of the physical block size, and less than the maximum.

    Action: Block size specified is returned as additional information, check initialization parameters, additional information also indicates which function encountered the error.

ORA-27036 translation error, unable to expand file name

    Cause: Additional information indicates SLTLN/SLNRM error, and also indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check additional information.

ORA-27037 unable to obtain file status

    Cause: STAT system call returned an error, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27038 skgfrcre: file exists

    Cause: Trying to create a database file, but file by that name already exists.

    Action: Verify that name is correct, specify reuse if necessary.

ORA-27039 create file failed, file size limit reached

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a file that exceeds the process' file size limit, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Raise the file size limit.

ORA-27040 skgfrcre: create error, unable to create file

    Cause: Create system call returned an error, unable to create file.

    Action: Verify the file name and permissions.

ORA-27041 unable to open file

    Cause: Open system call returned an error, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27042 not enough space on raw partition to fullfill request

    Cause: This is an internal error. The file is too large for the raw partition. Additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check for trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27043 unable to seek to beginning of file

    Cause: Seek system call failed, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27044 unable to write the header block of file

    Cause: Write system call failed, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27045 unable to close the file

    Cause: Close system call failed, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27046 file size is not a multiple of logical block size

    Cause: File size as indicated by STAT is not correct, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Verify that the file has not been overwritten or truncated.

ORA-27047 unable to read the header block of file

    Cause: Read system call failed, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27048 skgfifi: file header information is invalid

    Cause: Possibly trying to use a non-database file as a database file.

    Action: Verify that file is a database file.

ORA-27049 unable to seek to and read the last block

    Cause: An attempt was made to seek to and read the last block in file, additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27050 function called with invalid FIB/IOV structure

    Cause: This is an internal error. Additional information indicates which function encountered error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27052 unable to flush file data

    Cause: FSYNC system call returned error, additional information indicates which function encountered the error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27053 skgfifi: blocksize in file header not a multiple of logical block size

    Cause: The logical block size is invalid, additional information indicates the logical block size and the block size in the file header.

    Action: Use a different logical block size, or do not reuse file.

ORA-27056 skgfrdel: could not delete file

    Cause: Unlink system call returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27057 skgfask: cannot perform async I/O to file

    Cause: This is an internal error. The query is being asked about asynchronous vector I/O when the file does not support asynchronous I/O.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27058 skgfask: question parameter is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error. An invalid query is being asked.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27059 skgfrsz: could not reduce file size

    Cause: FTRUNCATE system call returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27060 skgfofi: could not set close-on-exec bit on file

    Cause: FCNTL system call returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27061 skgfospo: waiting for async I/Os failed

    Cause: AIOWAIT function returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27062 skgfospo: could not find pending async I/Os

    Cause: There should have been some asynchronous I/Os in the system but a blocking aiowait indicates that there are no more I/Os. It could be due to an Oracle bug, a vendor OS bug, or an NFS server not responding.

    Action: Check the Oracle trace file, OS message files, and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27063 skgfospo: number of bytes read/written is incorrect

    Cause: The number of bytes read/written as returned by AIOWAIT does not match the original number, additional information indicates both these numbers.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27064 skgfdisp: cannot perform async I/O to file

    Cause: This is an internal error. A request was made to perform asynchronous I/O when IOV indicates that it cannot be performed on the file.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27065 skgfdisp: cannot perform async vector I/O to file

    Cause: This is an internal error. A request was made to perform asynchronous vector I/O when it cannot be performed on the file.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27066 skgfdisp: number of buffers in vector I/O exceeds maximum

    Cause: This is an internal error. The number of buffers in vector I/O exceeds maximum allowed by the OSD, additional information indicates both these numbers.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27067 skgfdisp: size of buffer is invalid

    Cause: This is an internal error. The buffer size is either 0, or greater than SSTIOMAX or not a multiple of logical block size, additional information indicates where in function the error was encountered and the buffer size.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27068 skgfdisp: buffer is not aligned properly

    Cause: This is an internal error. The buffer is not aligned to SSIOALIGN boundary, additional information indicates where in function the error was encountered and the buffer pointer.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27069 skgfdisp: attempt to do I/O beyond the range of the file

    Cause: This is an internal error. The range of blocks being read or written is outside the range of the file, additional information indicates the starting block number, number of blocks in I/O, and the last valid block in the file.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27070 skgfdisp: async read/write failed

    Cause: AIOREAD/AIOWRITE system call returned error, additional information indicates starting block number of I/O.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27071 skgfdisp: unable to seek to desired position in file

    Cause: LSEEK system call returned error, additional information indicates block number in file to which seek was attempted.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27072 skgfdisp: I/O error

    Cause: READ/WRITE/READV/WRITEV system call returned error, additional information indicates starting block number of I/O.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27073 skgfcfi: async I/Os remaining to be dequeued for this file

    Cause: This is an internal error. The file is being closed but not all asynchronous I/Os to the file have been dequeued, additional information indicates number of I/Os pending on the file.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27074 skgfrofl: unable to determine limit for open files

    Cause: GETRLIMIT system call returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27075 skgfrofl: SSTMOFRC constant too large

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27076 skgfrofl: unable to set limit for open files

    Cause: SETRLIMIT system call returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27077 skgfofi: too many files open

    Cause: This is an internal error. The number of files opened through SKGFOFI has reached the limit.

    Action: Check for a trace file and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27080 skgfrdup: too many files open

    Cause: the number of files opened has reached system limit.

    Action: check error, and set system configuration values.

ORA-27084 skgfqio: unable to get/set file status flags

    Cause: System call FCNTL with F_GETFL/F_SETFL flag returned error.

    Action: Check errno.

ORA-27086 skgfglk: unable to lock file - already in use

    Cause: The file is locked by another process, indicating that it is currently in use by a database instance.

    Action: Determine which database instance legitimately owns this file.

ORA-27087 skgfglk: unable to get share lock - file not readable

    Cause: Share lock request was made on a file not open for read access.

    Action: File must be open read-only or read-write to get a share lock.

ORA-27088 skgfglk: unable to get file status

    Cause: The file is not open or the file descriptor is invalid.

    Action: Make sure the file is open and the descriptor is valid.

ORA-27089 skgfrlk: unable to release advisory lock

    Cause: The file lock release failed.

    Cause: See the errno.

ORA-27091 skgfqio: unable to queue I/O

    Cause: A read/write/readv/writev system call returned error. Additional information indicates the starting block number of the I/O.

    Action: Check the errno.

ORA-27092 skgfofi: size of file exceeds file size limit of the process

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a file that exceeds the process's file size limit (ulimit), additional information shows the current limit (logical blocks) and the size of the file (logical blocks).

    Action: increase the processes file size limit (ulimit) and retry.

ORA-27100 shared memory realm already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to start duplicate instances, or tried to restart an instance that had not been properly shut down.

    Action: Use a different instance name, or cleanup the failed instance's SGA.

ORA-27101 shared memory realm does not exist

    Cause: Unable to locate shared memory realm.

    Action: Verify that the realm is accessible.

ORA-27102 out of memory

    Cause: Out of memory.

    Action: Consult the trace file for details.

ORA-27103 internal error

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27120 unable to removed shared memory segment

    Cause: SHMCTL() call failed.

    Action: check permissions on segment, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27121 unable to determine size of shared memory segment

    Cause: SHMCTL() call failed.

    Action: check permissions on segment, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27122 unable to protect memory

    Cause: MPROTECT() call failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27123 unable to attach to shared memory segment

    Cause: SHMAT() call failed.

    Action: Check permissions on segment, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27124 unable to detach from shared memory segment

    Cause: SHMDT() call failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27125 unable to create shared memory segment

    Cause: SHMGET() call failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27126 unable to lock shared memory segment in core

    Cause: Insufficient privileges to lock shared memory segment in core.

    Action: Make sure the process is running with the necessary privileges.

ORA-27127 unable to unlock shared memory segment

    Cause: Insufficient privileges to unlock shared memory segment.

    Action: Make sure the process is running with the necessary privileges.

ORA-27128 unable to determine pagesize

    Cause: SYSCONF() call failed.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27141 invalid process ID

    Cause: Process operation attempted using invalid process ID.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27142 could not create new process

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Check errno and if possible increase the number of processes.

ORA-27143 OS system call failure

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27144 attempt to kill process failed

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27145 insufficient resources for requested number of processes

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27146 post/wait initialization failed

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27147 post/wait reset failed

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27148 spawn wait error

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27149 assignment out of range

    Cause: This is an internal error. A request was made for a conversion too large for the type.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27150 attempt to notify process of pending oradebug call failed

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27151 buffer not large enough to hold process ID string

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27152 attempt to post process failed

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27153 wait operation failed

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27154 post/wait create failed

    Cause: This is an internal error. Multiple post/wait creates were attempted simultaneously.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27155 could not execute file

    Cause: Operating system call failed.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27156 request for process information failed

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27157 OS post/wait facility removed

    Cause: The post/wait facility for which the calling process is awaiting action was removed from the system.

    Action: Check errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27190 skgfrd: sbtread2 returned error

    Cause: SBTREAD2 returned an error. This happens while reading a backup file during a restore operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27191 sbtinfo2 returned error

    Cause: SBTINFO2 returned an error. This happens while retrieving backup file information from the media manager's catalog.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27192 skgfcls: sbtclose2 returned error - failed to close file

    Cause: SBTCLOSE2 returned an error. This happens while closing a backup file during a backup or restore operation.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27193 sbtinfo2 did not return volume label

    Cause: SBTINFO2 did not return the volume label information for the backup file that was just created. This is an internal error in the media management product.

    Action: Contact the media management vendor.

ORA-27194 skgfdvcmd: sbtcommand returned error

    Cause: SBTCOMMAND returned an error. This happens when an RMAN SEND command is issued.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27195 proxy copy not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to do a proxy backup or restore, but the media management software installed with Oracle does not support proxy copy.

    Action: Rerun the backup in non-proxy mode, or contact the media management vendor if the software is supposed to support proxy copy.

ORA-27196 skgfpbk: sbtpcbackup returned error

    Cause: SBTPCBACKUP returned an error. This happens when a proxy backup is begun.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27197 skgfprs: sbtpcrestore returned error

    Cause: SBTPCRESTORE returned an error. This happens when a proxy restore is begun.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27198 skgfpvl: sbtpcvalidate returned error

    Cause: SBTPCVALIDATE returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup or restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27199 skgfpst: sbtpcstatus returned error

    Cause: SBTPCSTATUS returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup or restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27200 skgfpgo: sbtpcstart returned error

    Cause: SBTPCSTART returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup or restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27201 skgfpcm: sbtpccommit returned error

    Cause: SBTPCCOMMIT returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup or restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27202 skgfpen: sbtpcend returned error

    Cause: SBTPCEND returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup or restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27203 skgfpqb: sbtpcquerybackup returned error

    Cause: SBTPCQUERYBACKUP returned an error. This happens during a proxy backup.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27204 skgfpqr: sbtpcqueryrestore returned error

    Cause: SBTPCQUERYRESTORE returned an error. This happens during a proxy restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27205 skgfpcn: sbtpccancel returned error

    Cause: SBTPCCANCEL returned an error. This happens during a proxy restore.

    Action: This error is returned from the media management software which is linked with Oracle. There should be additional messages which explain the cause of the error. This error usually requires contacting the media management vendor.

ORA-27206 requested file not found in media management catalog

    Cause: A backup file used in a recovery manager catalog maintenance command was not found in the media management catalog.

    Action: Retry the command with a different file.

ORA-27207 syntax error in device PARMS - parentheses mismatch or missing

    Cause: User-supplied PARMS value has incorrect syntax.

    Action: Retry the command with the correct syntax: ENV=(..) BLKSIZE=nnnn

ORA-27208 syntax error in device PARMS - environment variable value missing

    Cause: User-supplied PARMS value has incorrect syntax.

    Action: Retry the command with the correct syntax: ENV=(var1=val1,var2=val2,..)

ORA-27209 syntax error in device PARMS - unknown keyword or missing =

    Cause: User-supplied PARMS value has incorrect syntax. The server expected to find ENV or BLKSIZE, but found an unknown keyword.

    Action: Retry the command with the correct syntax: ENV=(..) BLKSIZE=nnnn

ORA-27210 syntax error in device PARMS

    Cause: User-supplied PARMS value has incorrect syntax.

    Action: Retry the command with the correct syntax: ENV=(..) BLKSIZE=nnnn

ORA-27211 Failed to load Media Management Library

    Cause: User-supplied SBT_LIBRARY or libobk.so could not be loaded. Call to dlopen for media library returned error. See Additional information for the error code.

    Action: Retry the command with proper media library. Or re-install Media management module for Oracle.

ORA-27212 some entrypoints in Media Management Library are missing

    Cause: Media library does not have one of the following entrypoints : sbtinfo, sbtread, sbtwrite, sbtremove, sbtopen, sbtclose, or sbtinit.

    Action: Retry the command with proper media library.

ORA-27213 failed to unload Media Management Library

    Cause: The dlclose for media library returned an error. See Additional information for the error code.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27300 OS system dependent operation:string failed with status: string

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27301 OS failure message: string

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27302 failure occurred at: string

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27303 additional information: string

    Cause: Operating system call error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27500 inter-instance IPC error

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the extra information and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27501 IPC error creating a port

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27502 IPC error deleting OSD context

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27505 IPC error destroying a port

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27506 IPC error connecting to a port

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27507 IPC error disconnecting from a port

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27508 IPC error sending a message

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27509 IPC error receiving a message

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27510 IPC error waiting for a request to complete

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27512 IPC error posting a process

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27542 Failed to unprepare a buffer prepared for remote update

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27543 Failed to cancel outstanding IPC request

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27544 Failed to map memory region for export

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27545 Fail to prepare buffer for remote update

    Cause: This is an operating system/cluster interconnect error.

    Action: Check the value of errno and contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27546 Oracle compiled against IPC interface version string.string found version string.string

    Cause: A misconfiguration or installation error occurred.

    Action: Install the IPC library for this release of Oracle.

ORA-27547 Unable to query IPC OSD attribute string

    Cause: This is an operating system-dependent IPC error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-27548 Unable to unprepare IPC buffer

    Cause: This is an operating system-dependent IPC error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28000 the account is locked

    Cause: The user has entered wrong password consequently for maximum number of times specified by the user's profile parameter FAILED_LOGIN_ATTEMPTS, or the database administrator has locked the account.

    Action: Wait for PASSWORD_LOCK_TIME or contact the database administrator.

ORA-28001 the password has expired

    Cause: The user's account has expired and the password needs to be changed.

    Action: Change the password or contact the database administrator.

ORA-28002 the password will expire within string days

    Cause: The user's account is about to about to expire and the password needs to be changed.

    Action: Change the password or contact the database administrator.

ORA-28003 password verification for the specified password failed

    Cause: The new password did not meet the necessary complexity specifications and the PASSWORD_VERIFY_FUNCTION failed.

    Action: Enter a different password. Contact the database administrator to find out the rules for choosing the new password.

ORA-28004 invalid argument for function specified in PASSWORD_VERIFY_FUNCTION string

    Cause: The password verification function does not have the required number and type of input/output arguments and/or the return argument.

    Action: Check the Oracle9i Security Overview to find out the format of the password verification function.

ORA-28005 invalid logon flags

    Cause: The flags are not properly set or conflicting flags are set in making calls.

    Action: Call the function with appropriate flags set.

ORA-28006 conflicting values for parameters string and string

    Cause: The parameters PASSWORD_REUSE_TIME and PASSWORD_REUSE_MAX cannot both be set. One parameter should be unlimited while other is set.

    Action: Set one value to UNLIMITED explicitly.

ORA-28007 the password cannot be reused

    Cause: The password cannot be reused for the specified number of days or for the specified number of password changes.

    Action: Try the password that you have not used for the specified number of days or the specified number of password changes Refer to the password parameters in the CREATE PROFILE statement.

ORA-28008 invalid old password

    Cause: Old password supplied is wrong; Hence user cannot be authenticated using old password.

    Action: Supply the correct old password for authentication.

ORA-28009 connection to sys should be as sysdba or sysoper

    Cause: Connect sys/password is no longer a valid syntax.

    Action: Try connect sys/password as sysdba or connect sys/password as sysoper.

ORA-28010 cannot expire external or global accounts

    Cause: If a user account is created as IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY, or IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY, this account cannot be expired.

    Action: Try to expire the password of the user that has database password.

ORA-28011 the account will expire soon; change your password now

    Cause: The user's account is marked for expire; the expiry period is unlimited.

    Action: Change the password or contact the DBA.

ORA-28020 IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY already specified

    Cause: The IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY clause was specified twice.

    Action: Use only one IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY clause.

ORA-28021 cannot grant global roles

    Cause: A role granted was IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY. Global roles can only be granted via a central authority for the domain.

    Action: Use ALTER ROLE to change the type of role (from IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY to other, such as IDENTIFIED BY password), or allocate it to a global user via the central authority.

ORA-28022 cannot grant external roles to global user or role

    Cause: A role granted was IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY. External roles cannot be granted to global users or global roles.

    Action: Use ALTER ROLE to change the type of the role being granted (from IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY to other, such as IDENTIFIED BY password), or use ALTER ROLE or ALTER USER to change the type of the user or role that is the grantee.

ORA-28023 must revoke grants of this role to other user(s) first

    Cause: The role altered to IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY was granted to one or more other users and/or roles. Global roles cannot be granted to any user or role.

    Action: Use REVOKE to revoke the role from other users or roles first.

ORA-28024 must revoke grants of external roles to this role/user

    Cause: The user or role altered to IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY has external roles directly granted; these must be revoked, since external roles cannot be granted to global users or roles.

    Action: Use REVOKE to revoke the external roles from the user or role to be ALTERed.

ORA-28025 missing or null external name

    Cause: The IDENTIFIED EXTERNALLY AS or IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY AS clause was specified with a valid external name.

    Action: Provide a valid external name.

ORA-28026 user with same external name already exists

    Cause: The external name specified for the user being created or altered already exists for another user.

    Action: External names must be unique among users. Specify another.

ORA-28027 privileged database links may be used by global users

    Cause: Only users IDENTIFIED GLOBALLY may use a privileged database link.

    Action: Either change the user to a global user or try to use a different database link.

ORA-28028 could not authenticate remote server

    Cause: During the course of opening a privileged database link, the remote server was not securely identified using the network security service. Additional errors should follow.

    Action: Consult the network security service documentation on how to properly configure the remote server.

ORA-28029 could not authorize remote server for user string

    Cause: During the course of opening a privileged database link, the remote server was found to lack the necessary authorizations to connect as the current global user. This may be because the server was not authorized by the network security service. Or it may be because the local server is restricting access by the remote server using the DBMS_SECURITY_DOMAINS_ADMIN package.

    Action: Grant the remote server the proper authorization to connect as the given global user, and check that the local server is not restricting access.

ORA-28030 Server encountered problems accessing LDAP directory service

    Cause: Unable to access LDAP directory service.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-28035 Cannot Get Session Key for Authentication

    Cause: Client and server cannot negotiate shared secret during logon.

    Action: Contact your system administrator.

ORA-28100 policy function schema string is invalid

    Cause: The schema was dropped after the policy associated with the function had been added to the object.

    Action: Drop the policy and re-create it with a policy function owned by a valid user. Or re-create the user and the policy function under the new user.

ORA-28101 policy already exists

    Cause: A policy with the same name for the same object already exists.

    Action: Check if the policy has already been added or use a different policy name.

ORA-28102 policy does not exist

    Cause: Try to drop/enable/refresh a non-existent policy.

    Action: Correct the policy name argument.

ORA-28103 adding a policy to an object owned by SYS is not allowed

    Cause: Try to add a policy to a table or a view owned by SYS.

    Action: You cannot perform this operation.

ORA-28104 policy function or package is invalid

    Cause: The function or package implementing a policy does not exist or was created with errors.

    Action: Correct the function or package.

ORA-28106 input value for argument #string is not valid

    Cause: Input values for the argument is missing or invalid.

    Action: Correct the input values.

ORA-28107 policy was disabled

    Cause: Try to flush a disabled policy.

    Action: If the policy is supposed to be enforced, it must be enabled.

ORA-28108 circular security policies detected

    Cause: Policies for the same object reference each other.

    Action: Drop the policies.

ORA-28109 the number of related policies has exceeded the limit of 16

    Cause: Too many policies are involved in the same objects.

    Action: Drop one or more policies. Or combine a few of them into one.

ORA-28110 policy function or package string.string has error

    Cause: The policy function may have been dropped, or is no longer valid.

    Action: Check the status of the function and correct the problem. Or re-create the policy with a valid function.

ORA-28111 insufficient privilege to evaluate policy predicate

    Cause: Predicate has a subquery which contains objects that the owner of policy function does not have privilege to access.

    Action: Grant appropriate privileges to the policy function owner.

ORA-28112 failed to execute policy function

    Cause: The policy function has one or more error during execution.

    Action: Check the trace file and correct the errors.

ORA-28113 policy predicate has error

    Cause: Policy function generates invalid predicate.

    Action: Review the trace file for detailed error information.

ORA-28115 policy with check option violation

    Cause: Policy predicate was evaluated to FALSE with the updated values.

    Action: Check the trace file and correct the errors.

ORA-28116 insufficient privileges to do direct path access

    Cause: Users with insufficient privileges attempting to do direct path access of tables with fine grain access control policies.

    Action: Ask the database administrator to do the operation. Note that users can work with security administrator to temporarily drop/disable the policies at time of export, import, or load, but this has security implication, and thus access of the database must be controlled carefully.

ORA-28117 integrity constraint violated - parent record not found

    Cause: tried to update/insert a child record with new foreign key values, but the corresponding parent row was not visible because of fine-grained security in the parent.

    Action: make sure that the updated foreign key values are visible in the parent.

ORA-28118 policy group already exists

    Cause: tried to create a policy group that already exists.

ORA-28119 policy group does not exist

    Cause: tried to drop a policy group that does not exist.

ORA-28120 driving context already exists

    Cause: tried to create a driving context that already exists.

ORA-28121 driving context does not exist

    Cause: tried to drop a driving context that does not exist.

ORA-28132 Merge into syntax does not support security policies.

    Cause: Merge into syntax currently does not support a security policy on the destination table.

    Action: use the insert / update DML stmts on the table that has a security policy defined on it.

ORA-28133 full table access is restricted by fine-grained security

    Cause: The user is not SYS and doesn't have full table access due to VPD policies. This only happens for internal DML/query under a DDL.

    Action: Grant the appropriate privilege or contact Oracle Support Services if this is too restrictive.

ORA-28134 object cannot have fine-grained access control policy

    Cause: Only tables, views, or synonyms of tables or views may have VPD policies.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-28150 proxy not authorized to connect as client

    Cause: A proxy user attempted to connect as a client, but the proxy was not authorized to act on behalf of the client.

    Action: Grant the proxy user permission to perform actions on behalf of the client by using the ALTER USER... GRANT CONNECT command.

ORA-28151 more than one user name specified for command

    Cause: More than one user name was specified for an ALTER USER command.

    Action: Try the command again with only one user name.

ORA-28152 proxy user 'string' may not specify initial role 'string' on behalf of client 'string'

    Cause: A proxy user attempted to specify an initial role for a client, but the client does not possess the role.

    Action: Change the proxy user so that it does not specify the role or grant the role to the client.

ORA-28153 Invalid client initial role specified: 'string'

    Cause: A role specified by a proxy user as an initial role to be activated upon connecting on behalf of a client is invalid.

    Action: Connect again as the client specifying a valid role.

ORA-28154 Proxy user may not act as client 'string'

    Cause: A proxy user cannot assume the identity of a privileged user in order to limit the privileges that a proxy can possess.

    Action: Execute the statement again, specifying a client other than a privileged user.

ORA-28155 user 'string' specified as a proxy is actually a role

    Cause: A user specified in an AUDIT operation BY proxy ON BEHALF OF client is actually a role.

    Action: Execute the statement again with a valid proxy user.

ORA-28156 Proxy user 'string' not authorized to set role 'string' for client 'string'

    Cause: A proxy user has not been granted the right to use a role on behalf of a client.

    Action: Execute the command ALTER USER client GRANT CONNECT THROUGH PROXY proxy to grant the needed role.

ORA-28157 Proxy user 'string' forbidden to set role 'string' for client 'string'

    Cause: A proxy user was forbidden to use a role on behalf of a client through the command ALTER USER client GRANT CONNECT THROUGH proxy WITH ALL ROLES EXCEPT role.

    Action: Execute the command ALTER USER client GRANT CONNECT THROUGH PROXY proxy to grant the needed role.

ORA-28158 missing ALL keyword

    Cause: Keyword missing.

    Action: Provide missing keyword.

ORA-28159 missing BEHALF keyword

    Cause: Keyword missing.

    Action: Provide missing keyword.

ORA-28160 missing EXCEPT keyword

    Cause: Keyword missing.

    Action: Provide missing keyword.

ORA-28161 missing ROLES keyword

    Cause: Keyword missing.

    Action: Provide missing keyword.

ORA-28162 missing THROUGH keyword

    Cause: Keyword missing.

    Action: Provide missing keyword.

ORA-28163 GRANT already specified

    Cause: The GRANT clause was specified twice.

    Action: Use only one GRANT clause.

ORA-28164 REVOKE already specified

    Cause: The REVOKE clause was specified twice.

    Action: Use only one REVOKE clause.

ORA-28165 proxy 'string' may not specify password-protected role 'string' for client 'string'

    Cause: A proxy user attempted to activate a role on behalf of a client which has a password associated with it. Since the proxy does not have a password, this activation cannot be allowed.

    Action: Attempt to activate a different role or change the role administratively so that there is no password.

ORA-28166 duplicate rolename in list

    Cause: The name of a role was specified more than once in a list.

    Action: Repeat the command specifying the role once.

ORA-28168 attempted to grant password-protected role

    Cause: An ALTER USER ... GRANT CONNECT command was attempted specifying a role that is protected by a password as a role which the proxy may execute on behalf of a client.

    Action: Either specify a role that does not have a password or alter the role so that a password is not required.

ORA-28169 unsupported certificate type

    Cause: The type of certificate from which the server is to extract the credentials of the client is not supported.

    Action: Specify a supported type.

ORA-28170 unsupported certificate version

    Cause: The version of the certificate from which the server is to extract the credentials of the client is not supported.

    Action: Specify a supported version.

ORA-28171 unsupported Kerberos version

    Cause: The version of the Kerberos ticket which the server is to use to validate the identity of the client is not supported.

    Action: Specify a supported version.

ORA-28172 distinguished name not provided by proxy

    Cause: A client user is to be identified using a distinguished name, but none was provided by the proxy user.

    Action: Provide a distinguished name.

ORA-28173 certificate not provided by proxy

    Cause: A client user is to be identified using a certificate but none was provided by the proxy user.

    Action: Provide a certificate.

ORA-28174 Kerberos ticket not provided by proxy

    Cause: A client user is to be authenticated using a Kerberos ticket but none was provided by the proxy user.

    Action: Provide a Kerberos ticket.

ORA-28175 incorrect certificate type

    Cause: the type of certificate provided by the proxy user to identify a client user does not match the type that is required.

    Action: Provide a certificate of the correct type.

ORA-28176 incorrect certificate version

    Cause: The version of the certificate provided by the proxy user to identify a client user does not match the version that is required.

    Action: Provide a certificate of the correct version.

ORA-28177 incorrect Kerberos ticket version

    Cause: the version of the Kerberos ticket provided by the proxy user to authenticate a client user does not match the version that is required.

    Action: Provide a Kerberos ticket of the correct version.

ORA-28178 password not provided by proxy

    Cause: A client user is to be authenticated using a database password but none was provided by the proxy user.

    Action: Provide a password.

ORA-28179 client user name not provided by proxy

    Cause: No user name was provided by the proxy user for the client user.

    Action: Either specify a client database user name, a distinguished name or an X.509 certificate.

ORA-28180 multiple authentication methods provided by proxy

    Cause: More than one authentication method was specified by the proxy user for the client user.

    Action: Specify only one of the following:

        * A client database user name
        * A distinguished name
        * An X.509 certificate.


ORA-28200 IDENTIFIED USING already specified

    Cause: The IDENTIFIED USING clause was specified twice.

    Action: Use only one IDENTIFIED USING clause.

ORA-28201 Not enough privileges to enable application role 'string'

    Cause: An attempt to enable application role outside the scope of the designated package.

    Action: Enable the role directly or indirectly using the designated package.

ORA-28221 REPLACE not specified

    Cause: User is changing password but password verification function is turned on, the original password is not specified, and the user does not have the alter user system privilege.

    Action: Supply the original password.

ORA-28231 no data passed to obfuscation toolkit

    Cause: A NULL value was passed to a function or procedure.

    Action: Make sure that the data passed is not empty.

ORA-28232 invalid input length for obfuscation toolkit

    Cause: Length of data submitted for encryption or decryption is not a multiple of 8 bytes.

    Action: Make sure that the length of the data to be encrypted or decrypted is a multiple of 8 bytes.

ORA-28233 double encryption not supported

    Cause: The obfuscation toolkit does not support the encryption of already-encrypted data.

    Action: Do not attempt to encrypt already-encrypted data.

ORA-28234 key length too short

    Cause: The key specified is too short for the algorithm. DES requires a key of at least 8 bytes. Triple DES requires a key of at least 16 bytes in two-key mode and 24 bytes in three-key mode.

    Action: Specify a longer key.

ORA-28235 algorithm not available

    Cause: The desired encryption algorithm is not available.

    Action: Run the installer to install the needed algorithm in Oracle Advanced Security.

ORA-28236 invalid Triple DES mode

    Cause: An unknown value was specified for the mode in which triple DES encryption is to run.

    Action: Specify a valid value. See the package declaration for a list of valid values.

ORA-28237 seed length too short

    Cause: The seed specified for the key generation routine must be at least 80 characters.

    Action: Specify a longer seed.

ORA-28238 no seed provided

    Cause: A NULL value was passed in as the seed to be used in generating a key.

    Action: Provide a non-NULL value for the seed.

ORA-28239 no key provided

    Cause: A NULL value was passed in as an encryption or decryption key.

    Action: Provide a non-NULL value for the key.

ORA-28261 CURRENT_USER can not be used in PLSQL Definer's Right procedure.

    Cause: An attempt to retrieve CURRENT_USER using SYS_CONTEXT PLSQL interface.

    Action: Use a SQL statement to query CURRENT_USER inside a DR procedure.

ORA-28262 global_context_pool_size has invalid value.

    Cause: Initialization parameter GLOBAL_CONTEXT_POOL_SIZE has a value less than the minimum required value (10K).

    Action: Specify a value for the initialization parameter GLOBAL_CONTEXT_POOL_SIZE that is atleast 10k.

ORA-28263 Insufficient memory in global context pool

    Cause: Allocations for the global context heap exceeded the value set in the initialization parameter file.

    Action: Increase the value of the GLOBAL_CONTEXT_POOL_SIZE initialization parameter or clear unused global context.

ORA-28264 Client identifier is too long

    Cause: The length of the client identifier is longer than 64.

    Action: Set a client identifier whose length is less than 64.

ORA-28265 NameSpace beginning with 'sys_' is not allowed

    Cause: Namespace beginning with 'sys_' is not allowed.

    Action: Use a namespace that does not begin with 'sys_'.

ORA-28270 Malformed user nickname for password authenticated global user

    Cause: An attempt to login as password-auuthenticated global user with a malformed user nickname.

    Action: Make sure the nickname is valid and re-login.

ORA-28271 No permission to read user entry in LDAP directory service

    Cause: ORACLE server does not have read permission on user nickname's X.500 user entry.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE server is using the correct SSL credentials to connect to LDAP directory services. Make sure permissions for LDAP user entries are correct.

ORA-28272 Domain policy restricts password based GLOBAL user authentication

    Cause: Domain policy does not allow password-authenticated GLOBAL users.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE server is using the correct SSL credentials to connect to LDAP directory services. Make sure orclDBAuthTypes attributes within Oracle enterprise domain object is either set to PWD or ALL.

ORA-28273 No mapping for user nickname to LDAP distinguished name exists

    Cause: ORACLE server cannot map the given user nickname to LDAP distinguished name.

    Action: Make sure user entries in LDAP are correctly provisioned with correct user nickname attribute values.

ORA-28274 No ORACLE password attribute corresponding to user nickname exists

    Cause: LDAP user entry corresponding to user nickname does not have a ORACLE password attribute or the attribute is not initialized.

    Action: Make sure user entries in LDAP are correctly provisioned with correct ORACLE password attribute values.

ORA-28275 Multiple mappings for user nickname to LDAP distinguished name exist

    Cause: The given user nickname maps to more than one LDAP distinguished name.

    Action: Make sure user nickname is unique within the enterprise.

ORA-28276 Invalid ORACLE password attribute

    Cause: The ORACLE password attribute of a user entry has an invalid format.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE password attribute value is RFC-2307 compliant.

ORA-28277 LDAP search, while authenticating global user with passwords, failed

    Cause: The LDAP search for finding the appropriate user entry and ORACLE password failed.

    Action: Make sure LDAP directory service is up and running.

ORA-28278 No domain policy registered for password based GLOBAL users

    Cause: No policy about password authenticated GLOBAL users has been registered.

    Action: Add attribute orclDBAuthTypes to the database server's Enterprise domain.

ORA-28279 Error reading rdbms_server_dn parameter in INIT.ORA

    Cause: The initialization parameter RDBMS_SERVER_DN is not specified corrrectly (cannot be normalized).

    Action: Make sure the RDBMS_SERVER_DN initialization parameter is set to a correct value.

ORA-28280 Multiple entries for ORACLE database password exist.

    Cause: The ORACLE password attribute of a user entry has multiple entries of ORACLE database password.

    Action: Make sure ORACLE password attribute has one entry for ORACLE Database password.

ORA-28500 connection from ORACLE to a non-Oracle system returned this message:

    Cause: The cause is explained in the forwarded message.

    Action: See the non-Oracle system's documentation of the forwarded message.

ORA-28501 communication error on heterogeneous database link

    Cause: An unexpected communication failure occurred on a heterogeneous database link to a non-Oracle system. The message above will be followed by a second message generated by the connected non-Oracle system.

    Action: See the documentation for the non-Oracle system for an explanation of the second error message.

ORA-28502 internal communication error on heterogeneous database link

    Cause: A communication error internal to Oracle's heterogeneous services has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28503 bind value cannot be translated into SQL text for non-Oracle system

    Cause: A SQL statement used bind variables on a Heterogeneous Services database link to a non-Oracle system, but the non-Oracle system does not support bind variables.

    Action: Change your SQL statement so that it does not use bind variables.

ORA-28504 ROWID not found in ROWID cache for heterogeneous database link

    Cause: The ROWID cache for Heterogeneous Services held no entry that corresponds to the specified ROWID. The ROWID entry may have been overwritten in the ROWID cache.

    Action: Enlarge the Heterogeneous Services ROWID cache size by increasing the value of the HS_ROWID_CACHE_SIZE Heterogenious Services initialization parameter.

ORA-28505 cannot get non-Oracle system capabilities from string

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve capability information for the non-Oracle system connected through a heterogeneous database link. This capability information should be stored in data dictionary tables viewable with the HS_CLASS_CAPS or HS_INST_CAPS data dictionary views.

    Action: Contact the database administrator to check the server data dictionary table named in the error message. If table contents are incorrect, the database administrator should restore all data dictionary content for this FDS_CLASS_NAME and/or FDS_INST_NAME. It usually is sufficient to delete all current data dictionary content for this class and/or instance and initiate a new connection to let the connected agent upload new data dictionary content to the server.

ORA-28506 parse error in data dictionary translation for string stored in string

    Cause: A reference to an Oracle data dictionary table or view name on a heterogeneous database link to a non-Oracle system could not be translated. The Oracle data dictionary tables shown with view HS_CLASS_DD contain invalid SQL for the data dictionary translation.

    Action: Contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28507 error in data dictionary view string

    Cause: The initialization parameter table for the Heterogeneous Services was not available, or its structure (number of columns or column types) was incorrect.

    Action: Verify correct installation of the following Heterogeneous Services' initialization parameter views: HS_CLASS_INIT and HS_INST_INIT. If these views are not available, make sure you ran the script CATHS.SQL in the $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin directory.

ORA-28508 invalid value string for Heterogeneous Services initialization parameter string

    Cause: The specified Heterogeneous Services initialization parameter had an invalid value when attempting to connect to a non-Oracle system.

    Action: Check the Heterogeneous Services and agent documentation to determine acceptable values.

ORA-28509 unable to establish a connection to non-Oracle system

    Cause: Initialization of a database link to a non-Oracle system failed to connect to the Heterogeneous Services agent process for this non-Oracle system.

    Action: Check the Net8 service name definition in the following places:

        * the USING clause of the CREATE DATABASE LINK statement
        * the TNSNAMES.ORA file
        * the Oracle Names Server

    The following are possible reasons for name mismatches:

        * The USING clause in the CREATE DATABASE LINK statement has to match the service name defined in the TNSNAMES.ORA file or in the Oracle Names Server.
        * The protocol-specific information in the service name definition must match the protocol-specific definition of the responding listener.
        * The SID=name in the service name definition (in the TNSNAMES.ORA file or in Oracle Names Server) must match the value in the LISTENER.ORA file for the responding listener.


ORA-28510 heterogeneous database link initialization failed

    Cause: Initialization of a heterogeneous database link to a non-Oracle system failed due to an error identified by the agent for this non-Oracle system.

    Action: Make sure the non-Oracle system is up and running and that all of the environment and initialization values for the agent are set correctly.

ORA-28511 lost RPC connection to heterogeneous remote agent using SID=string

    Cause: A fatal error occurred in one of the following places:

        * the connection between the Oracle server and the agent
        * the heterogeneous services remote agent itself
        * the connection to the non-Oracle system

    This error occurred after communication had been established successfully.

    Action: Check for network problems and remote host crashes. The problem is probably in the agent software. If so, contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28512 cannot get data dictionary translations from string

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve data dictionary translation information for the non-Oracle system connected through a heterogeneous database link. This data dictionary translation information should be stored in data dictionary tables viewable with the HS_CLASS_DD or HS_INST_DD data dictionary views.

    Action: Ask your database administrator to check the server data dictionary table named in the error message. If table contents are incorrect, the database administrator should restore all data dictionary content for this FDS_CLASS_NAME and/or FDS_INST_NAME. It usually is sufficient to delete all current data dictionary content for this class and/or instance and initiate a new connection to let the connected agent upload new data dictionary content to the server.

ORA-28513 internal error in heterogeneous remote agent

    Cause: An internal error has occurred in the Oracle remote agent supporting a heterogeneous database link.

    Action: Make a note of how the error was produced and contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28514 heterogeneous database link initialization could not convert system date

    Cause: The system date was not retrievable.

    Action: Verify that the Oracle server's host machine and operating system are operational. This error should not occur unless low level system functions are failing.

ORA-28515 cannot get external object definitions from string

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve definitions of distributed external procedures or remote libraries registered for the non-Oracle system instance, probably because the underlying data dictionary table does not exist or is malformed.

    Action: Verify that the Oracle server's Heterogeneous Services data dictionary was installed correctly. If the Heterogeneous Services data dictionary is not installed, execute the CATHS.SQL script in the $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin directory.

ORA-28518 data dictionary translation has illegal translation type

    Cause: A data dictionary translation definition, either in the Oracle server data dictionary or in data dictionary content uploaded from a Heterogeneous Services agent, specified an illegal translation type code. Legal values are 'T' or 't' for 'translate', 'M' or 'm' for 'mimic'. Information on the exact data dictionary translation causing the error is written to a trace (*.TRC) file for the Oracle instance and to the Oracle instance's alert log. This error occurs when a Heterogeneous Services agent uploads data dictionary content to an Oracle server on the first connection from the server to the agent.

    Action: Contact the customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28519 no heterogeneous data dictionary translations available

    Cause: The Oracle server's data dictionary did not define data dictionary translations for the connected non-Oracle system, and automatic self-registration (data dictionary upload) was disabled.

    Action: Ask a database administrator to resolve this problem. The easiest solution is to enable automatic self-registration by setting the Oracle server's HS_AUTO_REGISTER initialization parameter to TRUE. An alternative is to load the Heterogeneous Services data dictionary with information specific for the non-Oracle system by executing a SQL script supplied by the agent vendor. If the script is run and the error persists, contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28520 error initializing heterogeneous data dictionary translations

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve data dictionary translations for the non-Oracle system instance, probably because the underlying data dictionary table does not exist or is formed incorrectly.

    Action: Verify that the Oracle server's Heterogeneous Services data dictionary was installed correctly. If the Heterogeneous Services data dictionary is not installed, execute the CATHS.SQL script in the $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin directory. If the connected agent, identified by FDS_CLASS_NAME, requires a custom installation script for the Oracle server, verify that the script has been run. If both scripts were executed and the error persists, contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28521 no heterogeneous capability information available

    Cause: The Oracle server's data dictionary did not contain capability definitions for the connected non-Oracle system, and automatic self-registration (data dictionary upload) was disabled.

    Action: Ask a database administrator to resolve this problem. The easiest resolution is to enable automatic self-registration by setting the Oracle server's HS_AUTO_REGISTER initialization parameter to TRUE. An alternative is to load the Heterogeneous Services data dictionary with information specific for the non-Oracle system by executing a SQL script supplied by the agent vendor. If the script is run and the error persists, contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28522 error initializing heterogeneous capabilities

    Cause: Oracle was unable to retrieve capability definitions for the non-Oracle system instance, probably because the underlying data dictionary table does not exist or is formed incorrectly.

    Action: Verify that the Oracle server's Heterogeneous Services data dictionary was installed correctly. If the Heterogeneous Services data dictionary is not installed, execute the CATHS.SQL script in the $ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin directory. If the connected agent, identified by FDS_CLASS_NAME, requires a custom installation script for the Oracle server, verify that the script has been run. If both scripts were executed and the error persists, contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28523 ORACLE and heterogeneous agent are incompatible versions

    Cause: An operation on a database link attempted to connect to a non-Oracle system, but the Oracle instance and the agent process for the non-Oracle system are incompatible.

    Action: Ask your database administrator to confirm configuration of both the Oracle instance and the agent. Additional information on the version incompatibility is logged in trace (*.TRC) files, the Oracle instance and the agent, and in the Oracle instance's alert log. Check the documentation for your agent to find out which releases of the Oracle Server are supported.

ORA-28525 unable to create Heterogeneous Services error message text

    Cause: Incorrect arguments were passed into the error message creation routine.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28526 invalid describe information returned to Heterogeneous Services

    Cause: The Heterogeneous Services received invalid describe information for a select list, bind list, or stored procedure from the Heterogeneous Services agent. This indicates a problem with the Heterogeneous Services' non-Oracle system agent.

    Action: Contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28527 Heterogeneous Services datatype mapping error

    Cause: Either an Oracle datatype could not be mapped to a non-Oracle datatype, or a non-Oracle datatype could not be mapped to an Oracle datatype. These mappings are defined as capability definitions in the Oracle server's data dictionary.

    Action: Verify that the Oracle server's data dictionary has been initialized with correct capability definitions for the connected FDS_CLASS_NAME and FDS_INST_NAME. If table contents are incorrect, a database administrator should restore all data dictionary content for this FDS_CLASS_NAME and/or FDS_INST_NAME. It usually is sufficient to delete all current data dictionary content for this class and/or instance and initiate a new connection to let the connected agent upload new data dictionary content to the server. If the error persists contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28528 Heterogeneous Services datatype conversion error

    Cause: Either an Oracle datatype could not be converted to a non-Oracle datatype, or a non-Oracle datatype could not be converted to an Oracle datatype. The following are possible reasons for the conversion failure:

        * overflow problems (in the case of numbers)
        * length limitations (in the case of character strings)
        * invalid values passed into the conversion routines

    Action: Contact customer support of the agent vendor. If the problem is due to size discrepancies between Oracle and the non-Oracle system, it may not be possible to convert the value.

ORA-28529 invalid or missing parameter in Net8 service name definition

    Cause: There was an invalid or missing Heterogeneous Services parameter in the Net8 service name definition stored in either the TNSNAMES.ORA file or in the Oracle Names Server.

    Action: Ask your database administrator to make sure the information in the Net8 service definition is correct and complete. The correct information that should be included in the Net8 service definition can be found in the agent's documentation.

ORA-28530 Heterogeneous Services initialization error in NLS language ID

    Cause: Heterogeneous Services was unable to initialize an NLS language ID. Both the Oracle server and the Heterogeneous Services agent for the connected non-Oracle system must have language IDs.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28533 Heterogeneous Services coercion handling error

    Cause: The Heterogeneous Services encountered an error in coercion handling. The HS can, if the agent vendor so chooses, perform extra processing on SQL statements that contain implicit coercions or that contain coercion functions such as TO_CHAR, TO_NUMBER or TO_DATE. This functionality is controlled by coercion-related capabilities. HS logic reports this error when it encounters an error in one of these capability definitions.

    Action: The capability table settings are controlled by the agent vendor and can be modified by the database administrator. Contact your database administrator and agent vendor and get the correct set of capabilities installed.

ORA-28534 Heterogeneous Services preprocessing error

    Cause: One of the things that the Heterogeneous Services can do is to preprocess parts of SQL statements that contain implicit coercions or calls to explicit coercion functions like TO_CHAR TO_NUMBER or TO_DATE. For example, it could convert a call to TO_DATE to a bind variable, pre-evaluate the TO_DATE function call and pass the resulting value to the non-Oracle system as the bind value. This behavior is controlled by some coercion related capabilities. If the capabilities are set incorrectly, the HS could encounter errors when it attempts to do the preprocessing. If it does then this error will be signaled.

    Action: The capability table settings are controlled by the agent vendor and can be modified by the database administrator. Contact your database administrator and agent vendor and get the correct set of capabilities installed.

ORA-28535 invalid Heterogeneous Services context

    Cause: A Heterogeneous Services agent's driver module called an HS service routine with an invalid HS context value. This probably is a logic error in the driver.

    Action: Contact customer support of the agent vendor.

ORA-28536 error in processing Heterogeneous Services initialization parameters

    Cause: An error described by a subsequent error message prevented successful processing of Heterogeneous Services initialization parameters from the Oracle server data dictionary.

    Action: Check server data dictionary views HS_CLASS_INIT, HS_INST_INIT, and HS_ALL_INITS. Look for conditions which could produce the error identified in the error message immediately following this one.

ORA-28538 result set not found

    Cause: The client program tried fetching from a result set that is no longer open. Many gateways will, on execution of a stored procedure, automatically close all result sets that were returned by any previously executed stored procedure.

    Action: Check the documentation for the gateway that you are using and see if it will automatically close currently open result sets each time a stored procedure is executed. Then check if your client program is violating this rule. If it is, fix your program. If it is not, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28539 gateway does not support result sets

    Cause: The client program tried executing a stored procedure that returns one or more result sets through a gateway that does not have result set support.

    Action: Check the documentation for the gateway that you are using and see if it supports result sets returned from stored procedures. If it does not, then the only way of accessing such stored procedures is to upgrade to a version of the gateway that does support result sets (if such a version exists). If the gateway does have result set support and you are still seeing this error, contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28541 Error in HS init file on line number.

    Cause: A syntax error occurred in the gateway initialization file.

    Action: Check the gateway init file to correct the syntax error. For further information, check the error message in the gateway trace file.

ORA-28542 Error in reading HS init file

    Cause: Reading the gateway init file generated an error.

    Action: Check the gateway initialization file name to see that the gateway initialization file acctually exists. Check the ifile parameter to see that it points to the correct location.

ORA-28543 Error initializing apply connection to non-Oracle system

    Cause: Attempt to initialize connection to non-Oracle for heterogeneous replication failed.

    Action: Check if the listener used to connect to the gateway is up and is correctly configured. Make sure that the database link used has been configured correctly and, if a tnsnames alias has been used in the database link definition, make sure that the configuration of the entry in tnsnames.ora has been done correctly.

ORA-28544 connect to agent failed, probable Net8 administration error

    Cause: Net8 reported a failure to make a RSLV connection or a protocol mode error when the Oracle database server attempted to establish communication with a Heterogeneous Services agent or an external procedure agent. This usually is due to an administration error in setting up Net8 service definitions in TNSNAMES.ORA or LISTENER.ORA: A basic network connection is opened, but it connects to a program which does not use the appropriate protocol. This often is a sign that the connection goes to the wrong program.

    Action: Check Net8 administration in the following ways:

        * When using TNSNAMES.ORA or an Oracle Names server, make sure that the connection from the ORACLE server uses the correct service name or SID.
        * Check LISTENER.ORA on the agent's host machine to assure that the service name or SID refers to the correct agent executable in its (PROGRAM=...) clause.
        * Confirm in TNSNAMES.ORA or the equivalent service definition that service 'extproc_connection_data' does NOT contain (HS=), or that the service definition used by a Heterogeneous Services database link DOES contain (HS=).


ORA-28545 error diagnosed by Net8 when connecting to an agent

    Cause: An attempt to call an external procedure or to issue SQL to a non-Oracle system on a Heterogeneous Services database link failed at connection initialization. The error diagnosed by Net8 NCR software is reported separately.

    Action: Refer to the Net8 NCRO error message. If this isn't clear, check connection administrative setup in tnsnames.ora and listener.ora for the service associated with the Heterogeneous Services database link being used, or with 'extproc_connection_data' for an external procedure call.

ORA-28546 connection initialization failed, probable Net8 admin error

    Cause: A failure occurred during initialization of a network connection from the Oracle database server to a second process: The connection was completed but a disconnect occurred while trying to perform protocol-specific initialization, usually due to use of different network protocols by opposite sides of the connection. This usually is caused by incorrect Net8 administrative setup for database links or external procedure calls. The most frequent specific causes are:

        * Database link setup for an Oracle-to-Oracle connection instead connects to a Heterogeneous Services agent or an external procedure agent.
        * Database link setup for a Heterogeneous Services connection instead connects directly to an Oracle database server.
        * The extproc_connection_data definition in tnsnames.ora connects to an Oracle instance instead of an external procedure agent.
        * Connect data for a Heterogeneous Services database link, usually defined in tnsnames.ora, does not specify (HS=).
        * Connect data for an Oracle-to-Oracle database link, usually defined in tnsnames.ora, specifies (HS=).

    Action: Check Net8 administration in the following ways:

        * When using TNSNAMES.ORA or an Oracle Names server, make sure that the connection from the ORACLE server uses the correct service name or SID.
        * Check LISTENER.ORA on the connection end point's host machine to assure that this service name or SID connects to the correct program.
        * Confirm in TNSNAMES.ORA or the equivalent service definition that service 'extproc_connection_data' does NOT contain (HS=), or that the service definition used by a Heterogeneous Services database link DOES contain (HS=).


ORA-28550 pass-through SQL: cursor not found

    Cause: A value passed to a pass-through SQL function or procedure call as a cursor does not identify a currently open cursor.

    Action: Use a cursor number returned by the pass-through SQL OPEN_CURSOR call.

ORA-28551 pass-through SQL: SQL parse error

    Cause: A non-Oracle system rejected text supplied as a pass-through SQL statement.

    Action: Ensure that the SQL supplied to the pass-through SQL PARSE call is legal for the non-Oracle system.

ORA-28552 pass-through SQL: call flow error

    Cause: A pass-through SQL function was called in an invalid order.

    Action: Correct program flow by changing the order of API calls to match the flow described in the manual.

ORA-28553 pass-through SQL: invalid bind-variable position

    Cause: A pass-through SQL function referring to the position of a bind variable in the currently-parsed SQL statement supplied an invalid bind-variable position. Valid values are 1 through n, where n is the number of bind-variable place-holders in the SQL text.

    Action: Verify that the bind-variable position parameter is in the correct range to represent a place-holder in the SQL text. Confirm that the SQL text uses the correct syntax for a bind-variable place-holder, as required by the non-Oracle system.

ORA-28554 pass-through SQL: out of cursors

    Cause: The maximum number of open cursors has been exceeded.

    Action: Close open cursors by using the pass-through SQL CLOSE_CURSOR function.

ORA-28555 pass-through SQL: required parameter missing or NULL

    Cause: An attempt was made to pass a NULL value to a non-NULL parameter.

    Action: Use a non-NULL value for the parameter.

ORA-28556 authorization insufficient to access table

    Cause: A query attempted to access a table in the non-Oracle system that is either privileged or has privileged columns.

    Action: Contact the database administrator for the non-Oracle system. The database administrator can grant permission to access the privileged table or columns.

ORA-28557 unknown string for database link to non-Oracle system

    Cause: When attempting to connect to a non-Oracle system through a Heterogeneous Services database link, the agent supporting this non-Oracle system failed to return FDS_CLASS_NAME and/or FDS_INST_NAME. Oracle requires these names to configure the heterogeneous database link.

    Action: Contact the database administrator to check setup of the connection and the Heterogeneous Services agent.

ORA-28558 HS_FDS_CONNECT_STRING undefined for non-Oracle system

    Cause: A database link to a non-Oracle system had no HS_FDS_CONNECT_STRING initialization parameter in the Oracle server's data dictionary for Heterogeneous Services. Without this parameter, the connection could not be completed.

    Action: Contact your database administrator to verify correct setup of an HS_FDS_CONNECT_STRING entry in the Oracle Heterogeneous Services data dictionary.

ORA-28559 FDS_CLASS_NAME is string, FDS_INST_NAME is string

    Cause: An associated error was reported in another message, and this message supplies supplementary information to assist diagnosis of that error. FDS_CLASS_NAME and FDS_INST_NAME are used to access information in tables and views of the Oracle data dictionary that direct operation of Heterogeneous Services on a database link to a non-Oracle data store.

    Action: Use the FDS_CLASS_NAME and FDS_INST_NAME values to check Oracle data dictionary contents when necessary to diagnose the cause of the associated error.

ORA-28560 error in configuration of agent process

    Cause: An Oracle server invoked a function not supported by the connected agent (Heterogeneous Services or external procedures). The most probable cause is incorrect Net8 setup, resulting in use of the wrong agent executable.

    Action: Check Net8 administration in the following ways:

        * When using TNSNAMES.ORA or an Oracle Names server, make sure that the connection from the Oracle server uses the correct SID.
        * Check LISTENER.ORA on the agent's host machine to assure that this SID refers to the correct agent executable in its (PROGRAM=...) clause.


ORA-28561 unable to set date format on non-Oracle system

    Cause: Initialization of a Heterogeneous Services connection to set the date format to be used on the connected non-Oracle system.

    Action: If the Oracle data dictionary supplies a value for the HS_NLS_DATE_FORMAT parameter, confirm that this value is formatted correctly by the rules of the non-Oracle system. Also check for additional information in log and trace files generated by the Heterogeneous Services agent.

ORA-28575 unable to open RPC connection to external procedure agent

    Cause: Initialization of a network connection to the external procedure agent did not succeed. This problem can be caused by network problems, incorrect listener configuration, or incorrect transfer code.

    Action: Check listener configuration in LISTENER.ORA and TNSNAMES.ORA, or check Oracle Names Server.

ORA-28576 lost RPC connection to external procedure agent

    Cause: A fatal error occurred in either an RPC network connection, the external procedure agent, or the invoked 3GL after communication had been established successfully.

    Action: First check the 3GL code you are invoking; the most likely cause of this error is abnormal termination of the invoked "C" routine. If this is not the case, check for network problems. Correct the problem if you find it. If all components appear to be normal but the problem persists, the problem could be an internal logic error in the RPC transfer code. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28577 argument string of external procedure string has unsupported datatype string

    Cause: While transferring external procedure arguments to the agent, an unsupported datatype was detected.

    Action: Check your documentation for the supported datatypes of external procedure arguments.

ORA-28578 protocol error during callback from an external procedure

    Cause: An internal protocol error occurred while trying to execute a callback to the Oracle server from the user's 3GL routine.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28579 network error during callback from external procedure agent

    Cause: An internal network error occurred while trying to execute a callback to the Oracle server from the user's 3GL routine.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28580 recursive external procedures are not supported

    Cause: A callback from within a user's 3GL routine resulted in the invocation of another external procedure.

    Action: Make sure that the SQL code executed in a callback does not directly call another external procedure, or indirectly results in another external procedure, such as triggers calling external procedures, PL/SQL procedures calling external procedures, and so on.

ORA-28581 protocol error while executing recursive external procedure

    Cause: An internal protocol error occurred while trying to execute an external procedure resulting from a callback in another external procedure.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28582 a direct connection to this agent is not allowed

    Cause: A user or a tool tried to establish a direct connection to either an external procedure agent or a Heterogeneous Services agent, for example: "SVRMGR> CONNECT SCOTT/TIGER@NETWORK_ALIAS". This type of connection is not allowed.

    Action: When executing the CONNECT statement, make sure your database link or network alias is not pointing to a Heterogeneous Option agent or an external procedure agent.

ORA-28583 remote references are not permitted during agent callbacks

    Cause: A Heterogeneous Services agent issued a callback to the Oracle database server which attemted to access a remote system. This is not supported.

    Action: Make sure that SQL code issued by Heterogeneous Services agents does not reference a database link.

ORA-28584 heterogeneous apply internal error

    Cause: The apply slave process encountered an error while trying to apply changes through a gateway to a non-Oracle system.

    Action: Make sure that the apply database link is correctly configured and that the gateway listener and the non-Oracle system are correctly set up and are up and running. If everything is configured correctly and the problem still occurs, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-28590 agent control utility: illegal or badly formed command

    Cause: The user has issued an unrecognized or syntactically incorrect command.

    Action: Refer to documentation and correct the syntax of the command.

ORA-28591 agent control utility: unable to access parameter file

    Cause: The agent control utility was unable to access its parameter file. This could be because it could not find its ADMIN directory or because permissions on directory were not correctly set.

    Action: The agent control utility puts its parameter file in either the directory pointed to by the environment variable AGTCTL_ADMIN or in the directory pointed to by the environment variable TNS_ADMIN. Make sure that at least one of these environment variables is set and that it points to a directory that the agent has access to.

ORA-28592 agent control utility: agent SID not set

    Cause: The agent needs to know the value of the AGENT_SID parameter before it can process any commands. If it does not have a value for AGENT_SID then all commands will fail.

    Action: Issue the command SET AGENT_SID value and then retry the command that failed.

ORA-28593 agent control utility: command terminated with error

    Cause: An error occurred during the processing of the command. There could be several causes. A SET or an UNSET command could have been issued after the agent was started. This is illegal. The user may have attempted to start two agents with the same SID value or the user could have attempted to shut down an agent that is no longer running.

    Action: If the user wishes to issue a SET or an UNSET command, he should make sure the agent is shut down first by issuing the SHUTDOWN command.

ORA-28594 agent control utility: invalid parameter name

    Cause: The user tried to set or unset an invalid agent parameter.

    Action: Refer to documentation and correct the parameter name.

ORA-28601 invalid [no]MINIMIZE option

    Cause: User did not type this alter table table_name MINIMIZE RECORDS_PER_BLOCK or alter table table_name NOMINIMIZE RECORDS_PER_BLOCK.

    Action: Re-enter correct SQL command.

ORA-28602 statement not permitted on tables containing bitmap indexes

    Cause: Table has bitmap indexes and user is minimizing or nominalizing RECORDS_PER_BLOCK.

    Action: Drop all bitmap indexes before changing RECORDS_PER_BLOCK.

ORA-28603 statement not permitted on empty tables

    Cause: Table is empty and statement does not work on empty tables.

    Action: Try statement after loading your data.

ORA-28604 table too fragmented to build bitmap index (string,string,string)

    Cause: The table has one or more blocks that exceed the maximum number of rows expected when creating a bitmap index. This is probably due to deleted rows. The values in the message are: (data block address, slot number found, maximum slot allowed)

    Action: Defragment the table or block(s). Use the values in the message to determine the FIRST block affected (there may be others).

ORA-28605 bitmap indexes cannot be reversed

    Cause: An attempt was made to create reverse bitmap index. This is not supported.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-28611 bitmap index is corrupted - see trace file for diagnostics

    Cause: Validate Index detected bitmap corruption in its argument index.

    Action: Drop this bitmap index and create a new one.

ORA-28650 Primary index on an IOT cannot be rebuilt

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue alter index rebuild on IOT-TOP.

    Action: Use Alter table MOVE to reorganize the table(IOT).

ORA-28651 Primary index on IOTs can not be marked unusable

    Cause: An attempt was made to mark IOT-TOP unusable through ALTER INDEX.

    Action: Remove the option UNUSABLE.

ORA-28652 overflow segment attributes cannot be specified

    Cause: During ALTER MOVE ONLINE of a index-organized table, the user attempted to enter one or more of the following options: OVERFLOW, PCTTHRESHOLD,INCLUDING.

    Action: Remove the illegal option(s).

ORA-28653 tables must both be index-organized

    Cause: An attempt was made to exchange a non-IOT table/partition with a partition/table respectively.

    Action: Ensure that non-partitioned and partitioned tables are both index-organized.

ORA-28654 table and partition not overflow compatible

    Cause: If one of the tables (partitioned/non-partitioned) has overflow data segment and the other one does not.

    Action: Ensure that non-partitioned and partitioned tables both have overflow data segment or neither one does.

ORA-28655 Alter table add overflow syntax error

    Cause: Syntax error.

    Action: Check the syntax.

ORA-28656 incomplete attribute specification

    Cause: The attribute specification is not done for all partitions.

    Action: Specify the storage attributes either for ALL partitions or NONE.

ORA-28658 This operation is supported only for Index-Organized tables

    Cause: Attempt to perform some IOT specific operation on a non-IOT. This is not supported.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-28659 COMPRESS must be specified at object level first

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify COMPRESS at the partition level without first specifying it at the table level.

    Action: Specify COMPRESS at the table level. Use ALTER TABLE xxx MODIFY DEFAULT ATTRIBUTES COMPRESS ...

ORA-28660 Partitioned Index-Organized table may not be MOVEd as a whole

    Cause: An attempt was made to MOVE a partitioned index-organized table as a whole. This is not supported.

    Action: Do not try to MOVE a partitioned index-organized table as a whole.

ORA-28661 Object already has COMPRESS clause specified

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify COMPRESS for an index-organized table/index which already has a compression clause. This attribute can only be specified at creation time.

    Action: Do not specify COMPRESS for an index-organized table/index which already has a compression clause.

ORA-28662 IOT index and overflow segments must share the same LOGGING attribute

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify LOGGING for one segment and NOLOGGING for the other segment.

    Action: Use the same attribute value for both segments.

ORA-28663 Logging/Nologging attribute can not be specified in the statement ALTER TABLE ADD OVERFLOW

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify LOGGING for an ALTER TABLE ADD OVERFLOW statement.

    Action: Do not specify LOGGING in this context.

ORA-28664 a partitioned table may not be coalesced as a whole

    Cause: User attempted to coalesce a partitioned IOT using ALTER TABLE COALESCE statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Coalesce the table a partition at a time (using ALTER TABLE MODIFY PARTITION COALESCE).

ORA-28665 table and partition must have same compression attribute

    Cause: User attempted to EXCHANGE a compression enabled partition with a compression disabled table or vice versa OR the # of columns compressed is different for table and partition.

    Action: Make sure the compression attributes match. If they don't, fix it using ALTER TABLE MOVE [PARTITION] COMPRESS.

ORA-28666 option not allowed for an index on UROWID column(s)

    Cause: User attempted to build a REVERSE or COMPRESSED or GLOBAL partitioned index on UROWID column(s).

    Action: Build the index without these options.

ORA-28667 USING INDEX option not allowed for the primary key of an IOT

    Cause: User attempted to define storage attributes for the primary key index of an Index-Organized table with USING INDEX clause. All the storage attribute defined for the (IOT)table applies to the primary key index and a separate USING INDEX clause is not required.

    Action: Remove the USING INDEX clause and specify all attributes directly for the table.

ORA-28668 cannot reference mapping table of an index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt to directly access the mapping table of an index-organized table.

    Action: Issue the statement against the parent index-organized table containing the specified mapping table.

ORA-28669 bitmap index can not be created on an IOT with no mapping table

    Cause: User attempted to create a bitmap index on an index-organized table without a mapping table.

    Action: Enable bitmap indexes on the Index-organized table by creating a mapping table using 'ALTER TABLE ... MOVE MAPPING TABLE'.

ORA-28670 mapping table cannot be dropped due to an existing bitmap index

    Cause: User attempted to drop the mapping table with NOMAPPING option when the IOT has one or more bitmap indexes.

    Action: Drop the bitmap index(es) before dropping the mapping table.

ORA-28671 UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES may not be used on a partitioned index as a whole

    Cause: User attempted to UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES on a partitioned index using ALTER INDEX UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES statement, which is illegal.

    Action: Issue a partition level operation with ALTER INDEX ... PARTITION ... UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES.

ORA-28672 UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES may not be used on a global index

    Cause: User attempted to UPDATE BLOCK REFERENCES on a global partitioned or non-partitioned index. This feature is not supported for non-partitioned or global partitioned indexes on a partitioned IOT and a global partitioned index on a non-partitioned IOT.

    Action: Use online index [partition] rebuild to fix the block references.

ORA-28673 Merge operation not allowed on an index-organized table

    Cause: User attempted merge operation on an index-organized table. Merge is not supported on an IOT .

    Action: Use updates and inserts on the index-organized table.

ORA-29250 Invalid index specifed in call to dbms_sql.bind_array

    Cause: An invalid index was specified in a call to BIND_ARRAY of DBMS_SQL. The index may have been null or of an improper value.

    Action: Correct the index value by modifying your PL/SQL program and try the BIND_ARRAY call again.

ORA-29251 Index1 is greater than Index2 in call to dbms_sql.bind_array

    Cause: The value of index1 was greater than the value for index2 in the call to BIND_ARRAY. This is illegal since the elements of the table that will be bound are those with indexes greater than or equal to index1 and less than or equal to index2.

    Action: Correct the value of the two indexes and try the call to again BIND_ARRAY.

ORA-29252 collection does not contain elements at index locations in call to dbms_sql.bind_array

    Cause: The bound table does not contain elements at both index locations in call to BIND_ARRAY of DBMS_SQL. This is illegal. Both index locations must contain elements. In other words tab.exists(index1) and tab.exists(index2) must both return true.

    Action: Either modify the two indexes or the contents of the table and try the call again.

ORA-29253 Invalid count argument passed to procedure dbms_sql.define_array

    Cause: The count argument specified in the call to procedure DEFINE_ARRAY of package DBMS_SQL had an invalid value. Invalid values are negative numbers and nulls. The argument must be a positive integer.

    Action: Correct your PL/SQL program so that only valid arguments are passed to DEFINE_ARRAY and try again.

ORA-29254 Invalid lower_bound argument passed to procedure dbms_sql.define_array

    Cause: The LOWER_BOUND argument specified in the call to procedure DEFINE_ARRAY had an invalid value. Legal values are all integers (both positive and negative) including zero. The null value is illegal.

    Action: Correct your PL/SQL program so that only valid arguments are passed to DEFINE_ARRAY and try again.

ORA-29255 Cursor contains both bind and define arrays which is not permissible

    Cause: Both DEFINE_ARRAY and BIND_ARRAY have been called on this cursor. This is illegal. It is not possible for a cursor to both contain array binds and array defines. The semantics of this setting are nonsensical. Array defines are used to move data from select queries into PL/SQL tables and array binds to bind PL/SQL tables to non-select queries.

    Action: Modify your PL/SQL program to only perform calls to one of the two functions depending on the kind of cursor at hand.

ORA-29256 Cursor contains both regular and array defines which is illegal

    Cause: Both DEFINE_ARRAY and DEFINE_COLUMN have been called on this cursor. This is illegal. It is not possible for a cursor to both contain regular and array defines. The semantics of this setting are nonsensical. Array defines are used to move data from select queries into PL/SQL tables and regular defines to move data from select queries into PL/SQL variables.

    Action: Modify your PL/SQL program to only perform calls to one of the two functions depending on the situation at hand.

ORA-29257 host string unknown

    Cause: The specified host name was unknown.

    Action: Check the spelling of the host name or the IP address. Make sure that the host name or the IP address is valid.

ORA-29258 buffer too small

    Cause: The input or output buffer was too small for the operation.

    Action: Increase the size of the buffer and retry the operation.

ORA-29259 end-of-input reached

    Cause: The end of the input was reached.

    Action: If the end of the input is reached prematurely, check if the input source terminates prematurely. Otherwise, close the connection to the input.

ORA-29260 network error: string

    Cause: A network error occurred.

    Action: Fix the network error and retry the operation.

ORA-29261 bad argument

    Cause: A bad argument was passed to the PL/SQL API.

    Action: Check the arguments passed to the PL/SQL API and retry the call.

ORA-29262 bad URL

    Cause: An improperly formed URL was passed to the PL/SQL API.

    Action: Check the URL and retry the call.

ORA-29263 HTTP protocol error

    Cause: An HTTP protocol error occurred during the HTTP operation.

    Action: Check the HTTP server on which the HTTP operation was performed to make sure that it follows the HTTP protocol standard.

ORA-29264 unknown or unsupported URL scheme

    Cause: The URL scheme was unknown or unsupported.

    Action: Check the URL to make sure that the scheme is valid and supported.

ORA-29265 HTTP header not found

    Cause: The requested HTTP header was not found.

    Action: Check to make sure that the requested HTTP header is present.

ORA-29266 end-of-body reached

    Cause: The end of the HTTP response body was reached.

    Action: If the end of the HTTP response is reached prematurely, check if the HTTP response terminates prematurely. Otherwise, end the HTTP response.

ORA-29267 illegal call

    Cause: The call to the PL/SQL API was illegal at the current stage of the operation.

    Action: Retry the call at a different stage of the operation.

ORA-29268 HTTP client error string

    Cause: The HTTP response indicated that the HTTP client error occurred.

    Action: Fix the HTTP client error and retry the HTTP request.

ORA-29269 HTTP server error string

    Cause: The HTTP response indicated that the HTTP server error occurred.

    Action: Fix the HTTP server error and retry the HTTP request. Contact the administrator of the HTTP server when necessary.

ORA-29270 too many open HTTP requests

    Cause: Too many HTTP requests were opened.

    Action: End some HTTP requests and retry the HTTP request.

ORA-29271 not connected

    Cause: The network connection was not made while the network operation was attempted.

    Action: Retry the network operation after the network connection is made successfully.

ORA-29272 initialization failed

    Cause: The UTL_HTTP package failed to initialize.

    Action: Free up some memory or other system resources and retry the operation.

ORA-29273 HTTP request failed

    Cause: The UTL_HTTP package failed to execute the HTTP request.

    Action: Use get_detailed_sqlerrm to check the detailed error message. Fix the error and retry the HTTP request.

ORA-29274 fixed-width multibyte character set not allowed for a URL

    Cause: The character set used as an encoding of the URL is a fixed-width multibyte character set and is not allowed for a URL.

    Action: Use the corresponding variable-width multibyte character set for the URL instead.

ORA-29275 partial multibyte character

    Cause: The requested read operation could not complete because a partial multibyte character was found at the end of the input.

    Action: Ensure that the complete multibyte character is sent from the remote server and retry the operation. Or read the partial multibyte character as RAW.

ORA-29276 transfer timeout

    Cause: Timeout occurred while reading from or writing to a network connection.

    Action: Check the remote server or the network to ensure that it responds within the timeout limit. Or increase the timeout value.

ORA-29277 invalid SMTP operation

    Cause: The SMTP operation was invalid at the current stage of the SMTP transaction.

    Action: Retry the SMTP operation at the appropriate stage of the SMTP transaction.

ORA-29278 SMTP transient error: string

    Cause: An SMTP transient error occurred.

    Action: Correct the error and retry the SMTP operation.

ORA-29279 SMTP permanent error: string

    Cause: An SMTP permanent error occurred.

    Action: Correct the error and retry the SMTP operation.

ORA-29280 invalid directory path

    Cause: A corresponding directory object does not exist.

    Action: Correct the directory object parameter, or create a corresponding directory object with the CREATE DIRECTORY command.

ORA-29281 invalid mode

    Cause: An invalid value was specified for file open mode.

    Action: Correct the mode to be one of the values: 'r', 'a', or 'w'.

ORA-29282 invalid file ID

    Cause: A file ID handle was specified for which no corresponding open file exists.

    Action: Verify that the file ID handle is a value returned from a call to UTL_FILE.FOPEN.

ORA-29283 invalid file operation

    Cause: An attempt was made to read from a file or directory that does not exist, or file or directory access was denied by the operating system.

    Action: Verify file and directory access privileges on the file system, and if reading, verify that the file exists.

ORA-29284 file read error

    Cause: An attempt to read from a file failed.

    Action: Verify that the file exists, and that it is accessible, and that it is open in read mode.

ORA-29285 file write error

    Cause: Failed to write to, flush, or close a file.

    Action: Verify that the file exists, that it is accessible, and that it is open in write or append mode.

ORA-29286 internal error

    Cause: A fatal error occurred while allocating PL/SQL session memory.

    Action: Verify that the PL/SQL session is connected and that adequate memory resources are available.

ORA-29287 invalid maximum line size

    Cause: An invalid maximum line size value was specified.

    Action: Correct the maximum line size to be in the range [1, 32767].

ORA-29288 invalid file name

    Cause: A NULL or zero length file name was specified.

    Action: Correct the file name to be a nonzero length string.

ORA-29289 directory access denied

    Cause: A directory object was specified for which no access is granted.

    Action: Grant access to the directory object by issuing the statement GRANT READ ON DIRECTORY [object] TO [username];.

ORA-29290 invalid offset specified for seek

    Cause: An attempt was made to seek past the end of the file, both the absolute and relative offsets were NULL, or the absolute offset was less than zero.

    Action: If specifying an absolute offset, then ensure it is in the range [0, <total number of bytes in the file>], or if specifying a relative offset, then ensure it is no greater than the current byte position plus the number of bytes remaining in the file.

ORA-29291 file remove operation failed

    Cause: A file deletion attempt was refused by the operating system.

    Action: Verify that the file exists and delete privileges granted on the directory and the file.

ORA-29292 file rename operation failed

    Cause: A file rename attempt was refused by the operating system either because the source or destination directory does not exist or is inaccessible, the source file isn't accessible, or the destination file exists.

    Action: Verify that the source file, source directory, and destination directory exist and are accessible, and that the destination file does not already exist.

ORA-29300 ORACLE error, tablespace point-in-time recovery

    Cause: Another Oracle error occurred in the DBMS_PITR package.

    Action: See the text of the error message for a description of the error.

ORA-29301 wrong DBMS_PITR package function/procedure order

    Cause: The DBMS_PITR package function/procedure was called in an incorrect order.

    Action: Restart tablespace point-in-time recovery with a correct procedure.

ORA-29302 database is not open clone

    Cause: The database was not opened as a clone database.

    Action: Mount the database clone and open the database.

ORA-29303 user does not login as SYS

    Cause: The user did not log in as SYS to perform tablespace point-in-time recovery in a clone database.

    Action: Log in as SYS and restart tablespace point-in-time recovery.

ORA-29304 tablespace 'string' does not exist

    Cause: The selected tablespace does not exist in the database.

    Action: Check the list of tablespaces in V$TABLESPACE and select a valid tablespace.

ORA-29305 cannot point-in-time recover tablespace 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to ALTER the tablespace to be read only.

    Action: Check if the tablespace is SYSTEM or with online rollback segment.

ORA-29306 datafile string is not online

    Cause: The selected datafile was not online.

    Action: Bring the datafile online and rename it if necessary.

ORA-29307 datafile string error, string

    Cause: The datafile is not ready for tablespace point-in-time recovery.

    Action: Check the correct tablespace point-in-time recovery procedure.

ORA-29308 view TS_PITR_CHECK failure

    Cause: Some objects which crossed the boundary of the recovery set were not allowed in the tablespace point-in-time recovery.

    Action: Query TS_PITR_CHECK and resolve the boundary crossing objects.

ORA-29309 export dump file was generated by different version of DBMS_PITR package

    Cause: The version of DBMS_PITR is different from the version of the cloned database.

    Action: Load the version of DBMS_PITR which matches the version of the cloned database.

ORA-29310 database is not open, or opened as a clone

    Cause: Either the database was not open, or an attempt was made to open it as a cloned database.

    Action: Open the production database instead.

ORA-29311 export dump file was not generated by this database, string does not match

    Cause: The export dump files were imported to an incorrect database.

    Action: Open the correct production database and try the import again.

ORA-29312 database not compatible, string string

    Cause: A point-in-time tablespace was chosen to perform the recovery, but the current database is not compatible with the database that was used to create the point-in-time tablespace.

    Action: Choose a point-in-time and retry the operation.

ORA-29313 tablespace 'string' cannot be imported twice

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact your database administrator.

ORA-29314 tablespace 'string' is not OFFLINE FOR RECOVER nor READ ONLY

    Cause: Tablespace clean SCN is either 0 or invalid.

    Action: ALTER the tablespace OFFLINE FOR RECOVER.

ORA-29315 tablespace 'string' has been recreated

    Cause: An attempt was made to recover a tablespace to a point-in-time before it was re-created.

    Action: Choose a different point in time for recovery.

ORA-29316 datafile string been imported twice

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact your database administrator.

ORA-29317 datafile string does not exist

    Cause: The specified datafile could not be found in the production database.

    Action: Copy the datafile from the clone database.

ORA-29318 datafile string is online

    Cause: The datafile is online.

    Action: Take the datafile offline.

ORA-29319 datafile string is not correct

    Cause: An incorrect datafile was copied to the production database. The datafile information in the export dump file differs with the information in the datafile in the production database.

    Action: Copy the datafile from the clone database to the production database.

ORA-29320 datafile header error

    Cause: An error occurred during reading datafile header.

    Action: Copy the correct datafile from the clone database to the production database, then retry the operation.

ORA-29321 too many datafiles added since the point-in-time

    Cause: Too many datafiles were added to the recovery set since the point-in-time recovery.

    Action: Divide the recovery set into smaller subsets and retry.

ORA-29322 SCN string size too long -- maximum size 58 bytes/characters

    Cause: Too many characters in specifying the SCN string

    Action: Remove all unnecessary characters. Only 15 characters are required for both the hex and decimal representation of the 48 bit SCN.

ORA-29323 SET COMPATIBILITY command cannot be used for releases before 8.0.0

    Cause: The rolling release feature was first implemented in 8.0.3.

    Action: Try 8.0.3 or later.

ORA-29324 SET COMPATIBILITY release string format is wrong

    Cause: It should be of the form 8.x.x.

    Action: Use the correct format.

ORA-29325 SET COMPATIBILITY release number mismatches compatibility release number

    Cause: In 8.0.3, it should be the same as compatibility release number.

    Action: Specify the same as the COMPATIBLE initialization parameter. Note that this cannot be a release number less than 8.0.0.

ORA-29326 specified SET COMPATIBILITY release number reduced to string.string.string.string.string

    Cause: One or more instances had a lower release number.

    Action: To roll the release to the specified number, all instances will need to migrate to the same release number or higher.

ORA-29327 unsupported client compatibility mode used when talking to the server

    Cause: The client compatibility mode is higher than the version of the server.

    Action: Using SET COMPATIBILITY command, specify the same release number as the server.

ORA-29328 too many datafiles in this tablespace 'string'

    Cause: Too many datafiles in this bitmap tablespace.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-29335 tablespace 'string' is not read only

    Cause: The tablespace is not read only.

    Action: Make the tablespace read only and retry the operation.

ORA-29336 Internal error [string] [string] from DBMS_PLUGTS

    Cause: Internal error from package DBMS_PLUGTS.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-29337 tablespace 'string' has a non-standard block size (string)

    Cause: The tablespace has a non-standard block size and making such a tablespace read-write is not permitted.

    Action: Use some other mechanism to import the data.

ORA-29338 datafile string is in an undesired state (string, string)

    Cause: The referred datafile is not in a state ready for tablespace copy operation. For example, the datafile may be offline. The datafile needs to be ONLINE, and either READ ONLY or READ WRITE.

    Action: Put the datafile into the desired state.

ORA-29339 tablespace block size string does not match configured block sizes

    Cause: The block size of the tablespace to be plugged in or created does not match the block sizes configured in the database.

    Action: Configure the appropriate cache for the block size of this tablespace using one of the various (db_2k_cache_size, db_4k_cache_size, db_8k_cache_size, db_16k_cache_size, db_32K_cache_size) parameters.

ORA-29340 export file appears to be corrupted: [string] [string] [string]

    Cause: This is caused either by a corrupted export file or by an Oracle internal error.

    Action: Make sure the export file used for transportable tablespace is not corrupted. If the error still occurs, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-29341 The transportable set is not self-contained

    Cause: The set of objects in the set of tablespaces selected are not self-contained.

    Action: Consider using different export options, or removing some of the pointers that caused the violation, or selecting a different set of tablespaces.

ORA-29342 user string does not exist in the database

    Cause: The referred user is one of the owners of data in the pluggable set. This user does not exist in the database.

    Action: Consider either creating the user in the database or map the user to a different user via FROM_USER and TO_USER import options.

ORA-29343 user string (mapped from user string) does not exist in the database

    Cause: The referred user is one of the owners of data in the pluggable set. This user does not exist in the database.

    Action: Consider either creating the user or map the original user to a different user.

ORA-29344 Owner validation failed - failed to match owner 'string'

    Cause: The system failed to match the referenced owner. There are two cases in which this may occur:

        * This user owns data in the transportable set, but this user is not specified in the TTS_OWNERS list of the import command line option, assuming that TTS_OWNERS is specified.
        * This user is specified in the TTS_OWNER list, but this user does not own any data in the transportable set.

    Action: Retry the import with a different OWNER list.

ORA-29345 can not plug a tablespace into a database using a different character set

    Cause: Oracle does not support plugging a tablespace into a database using a different character set.

    Action: Use import/export or unload/load to move data instead.

ORA-29346 invalid tablespace list

    Cause: The tablespace list supplied to DBMS_TTS.TRANSPORT_SET_CHECK. PL/SQL routine is in an incorrect format.

    Action: Check the PL/SQL User's Guide and Reference and use the correct format.

ORA-29347 Tablespace name validation failed - failed to match tablespace 'string'

    Cause: The system failed to match the referenced tablespace. There are two case in which this may happen:

        * This tablespace is in the transportable set, but it is not specified in the TABLESPACES list of the import command line option, assuming that TABLESPACES is specified.
        * This tablespace is in the TABLESPACES list, but it is not in the transportable set.

    Action: Retry the operation with the correct TABLESPACES list.

ORA-29348 You must specify the datafiles to be plugged in

    Cause: The datafiles to be plugged in are not specified.

    Action: Specify the datafiles via the import DATAFILES command line option.

ORA-29349 tablespace 'string' already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to plug-in a tablespace which already exists.

    Action: Drop the offending tablespace if possible. Otherwise use a different method (for example, import/export) to move data.

ORA-29350 server version string incompatible with package string version string

ORA-29351 can not transport system or temporary tablespace 'string'

    Cause: The referenced tablespace is either the system tablespace or a temporary tablespace.

    Action: Do not include this tablespace in the transportable set.

ORA-29353 The transportable list is too long.

    Cause: The transportable list exceeds the buffer size of 32767.

    Action: Reduce the list of tablespaces to transport.

ORA-29355 NULL or invalid string argument specified

    Cause: The named argument was either invalid or specified as a NULL.

    Action: Specify non-null, valid arguments.

ORA-29356 These parameters can be specified only for directives that refer to consumer groups

    Cause: The below parameters were specified as an argument to the procedure CREATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE or UPDATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER where the GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN argument is a resource plan. "ACTIVE_SESS_POOL_P1", "QUEUEING_P1", "PARALLEL_DEGREE_LIMIT_P1", "SWITCH_P1", "SWITCH_P2", "SWITCH_P3", "MAX_EST_EXEC_TIME", "UNDO_POOL"

    Action: Specify these parameters only for consumer group directives.

ORA-29357 object string already exists

    Cause: The name specified as argument to procedure CREATE_PLAN, CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER was already in use.

    Action: Specify an unused name.

ORA-29358 resource plan string does not exist

    Cause: An invalid plan name was specified as an argument to procedure UPDATE_PLAN of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify an existing plan name.

ORA-29359 invalid method name string specified for resource plan string

    Cause: An invalid method was specified as an argument to procedure CREATE_PLAN or UPDATE_PLAN of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify a valid method name.

ORA-29360 retry operation. Too much concurrent activity

    Cause: An attempt was made to revoke the switch consumer group privilege from a user for his/her initial consumer group but someone is modifying the user in another session.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-29361 percentage string is outside valid range of 0 to 100

    Cause: An invalid percentage value was specified.

    Action: Specify a percentage value between 0 and 100 inclusive.

ORA-29362 plan directive string, string does not exist

    Cause: A non-existent plan directive was specified for procedure UPDATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify an existing plan directive for update.

ORA-29363 plan directive string, string is mandatory and cannot be modified or deleted

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify a mandatory plan directive.

    Action: Do not attempt to modify mandatory plan directives because they are required by the Resource Manager and cannot be modified.

ORA-29364 plan directive string, string already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a plan directive that already exists.

    Action: Retry the create operation using different values.

ORA-29365 NULL or invalid GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN argument specified

    Cause: A NULL or invalid GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN was specified as an argument to procedure CREATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE or UPDATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL, valid argument.

ORA-29366 invalid CONSUMER_GROUP argument specified

    Cause: An invalid consumer group name was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL, valid consumer group name.

ORA-29367 object string does not exist

    Cause: A non-existent object name was specified as an argument to procedure CREATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify a valid plan or consumer group name.

ORA-29368 consumer group string does not exist

    Cause: An non-existent consumer group was specified.

    Action: Specify an existing consumer group.

ORA-29369 invalid method name string specified for consumer group string

    Cause: An invalid method name was specified as an argument to procedure CREATE_CONSUMER_GROUP or UPDATE_CONSUMER_GROUP of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.

    Action: Specify a valid method name.

ORA-29370 pending area is already active

    Cause: An attempt was made to activate a pending area that is already active.

    Action: Wait until the pending area is no longer active; then, retry the operation.

ORA-29371 pending area is not active

    Cause: An attempt was made to make changes without creating a pending area.

    Action: Invoke procedure CREATE_PENDING_AREA before making any changes.

ORA-29372 identifier string is too long; it must be less than string characters

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an identifier that is more than 30 characters long.

    Action: Use an identifier that is 30 characters or less in length.

ORA-29373 resource manager is not on

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute an operation that cannot be executed with the resource manager being off.

    Action: Turn on the resource manager and try again.

ORA-29374 resource plan string in top-plan string has no plan directives

    Cause: A plan was created in the pending area that is an orphan or standalone.

    Action: Create plan directives if needed. Otherwise, delete the plan.

ORA-29375 sum of percentages string for level string, plan string exceeds string

    Cause: The sum of percentages for the specified plan, level exceeds 100.

    Action: Alter the percentages for the level so that they sum to 100.

ORA-29376 number of consumer groups string in top-plan string exceeds string

    Cause: The number of consumer groups in the specified top-plan is more than 32.

    Action: Change the top-plan to have no more than 32 consumer groups.

ORA-29377 consumer group string is not part of top-plan string

    Cause: OTHER_GROUPS was not included as part of the specified top-plan. Each top plan must include the built-in consumer group OTHER_GROUPS.

    Action: Create a plan directive with the argument GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN being OTHER_GROUPS somewhere in the top-plan.

ORA-29379 resource plan string is involved in a loop in top-plan string

    Cause: A loop was discovered while validating a top-plan.

    Action: Check the plans that have the specified plan as a GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN, and remove the plan directive that causes the loop.

ORA-29380 resource plan string is currently active and cannot be deleted

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete an active plan in the pending area. No changes can be made to active plans.

    Action: Delete the plan when it is not in use.

ORA-29381 plan/consumer_group string referred to by another plan and cannot be deleted

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a plan or consumer group that is referred to by another plan.

    Action: Remove all plan directives that have the plan or consumer group as GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN; then delete the plan or consumer group.

ORA-29382 validation of pending area failed

    Cause: Invalid changes were attempted in the pending area.

    Action: See documentation and the error messages that follow this one.

ORA-29383 all leaves of top-plan string must be consumer groups

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or modify the specified top-plan but it has some plans as leaves.

    Action: To identify which plans and/or plan directives need to be modified, look at all plans that have no plan directives. Then, alter the top-plan so that all its leaves are consumer groups.

ORA-29384 number of children for plan string exceeds string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or modify the specified plan, but the plan has more than 32 children.

    Action: Make sure the specified plan points to no more than 32 distinct nodes.

ORA-29385 cannot create plan directive from string to string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a plan directive from a plan to itself.

    Action: Make sure the arguments PLAN and GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN to procedure CREATE_PLAN_DIRECTIVE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER are different.

ORA-29386 plan or consumer group string is mandatory and cannot be deleted or modified

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete or modify the specified mandatory plan or consumer group.

    Action: Do not attempt to delete or modify mandatory plans and consumer groups.

ORA-29387 no top-plans found in the pending area

    Cause: The VALIDATE_PENDING_AREA procedure found that either the intended top-plan(s) are involved in a loop or there are no top-plans.

    Action: Check all edges going from a subplan to the intended top-plan. Make sure the top plan does not have any plan referring to it.

ORA-29388 plan/consumer_group string is part of more than one top-plan

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a subtree that includes a plan or consumer group that is part of more than one top-plan as part of procedure DELETE_PLAN_CASCADE or package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER. Such a plan or consumer group cannot be deleted.

    Action: Check the ancestors of the plan or consumer group and make sure it is only part of the top-plan that includes the subtree being deleted.

ORA-29389 too many errors during validation

    Cause: The number of errors detected during validation is too high.

    Action: Perform the necessary actions to remove some errors, and retry validation.

ORA-29390 some resource plans are not part of any top-plan

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or modify some plans in the pending area that are not part of any top-plan.

    Action: Remove these plans are try validation again.

ORA-29391 string and string must be mandatory to create a mandatory plan directive

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a mandatory plan directive where either PLAN or GROUP_OR_SUBPLAN or both were not mandatory.

    Action: Re-create these objects as mandatory and then create the plan directive.

ORA-29393 user string does not exist or is not logged on

    Cause: An invalid user name was specified as argument to procedure SET_INITIAL_CONSUMER_GROUP of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER or SWITCH_CONSUMER_GROUP_FOR_USER of package DBMS_SYSTEM or the specified user was not logged on.

    Action: Specify a valid user name.

ORA-29394 session id string and serial# string do not exist

    Cause: Invalid session id and serial# were specified as arguments to procedure SWITCH_CONSUMER_GROUP_FOR_SESS of package DBMS_SYSTEM.

    Action: Specify valid values from the view V$SESSION.

ORA-29395 cannot set the initial consumer group to string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the initial consumer group of a user to OTHER_GROUPS.

    Action: OTHER_GROUPS is for the resource manager's internal use. Specify another consumer group.

ORA-29396 cannot switch group to string

    Cause: An attempt was made to switch the consumer group of a user or a session to OTHER_GROUPS.

    Action: OTHER_GROUPS is for the resource manager's internal use. Specify another consumer group.

ORA-29397 cannot grant/revoke switch privilege for string

    Cause: An attempt was made to grant or revoke the privilege to switch to OTHER_GROUPS.

    Action: OTHER_GROUPS is for the resource manager's internal use. Specify another consumer group.

ORA-29398 invalid privilege name specified

    Cause: An invalid privilege name was specified as an argument to procedure GRANT_SYSTEM_PRIVILEGE or REVOKE_SYSTEM_PRIVILEGE of package DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER_PRIVS.

    Action: Specify a valid privilege name.

ORA-29399 user string does not have privilege to switch to consumer group string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set the initial consumer group of the specified user but the user does not have the privilege to switch to that group.

    Action: Grant the privilege to switch to the consumer group to the user and then set the initial group.

ORA-29400 data cartridge errorstring

    Cause: An error has occurred in a data cartridge external procedure. This message will be followed by a second message giving more details about the data cartridge error.

    Action: See the Oracle9i Data Cartridge Developer's Guide for an explanation of the second error message.

ORA-29500 NAMED keyword is invalid in CREATE JAVA CLASS

    Cause: A NAMED keyword was specified in the CREATE JAVA CLASS statement. NAMED keywords are valid only in CREATE JAVA SOURCE or RESOURCE statements.

    Action: Remove the NAMED keyword from the CREATE JAVA CLASS statement.

ORA-29501 invalid or missing Java source, class, or resource name

    Cause: The required name for a Java source, class, or resource was invalid or missing.

    Action: Specify a valid name.

ORA-29502 NAMED keyword required in CREATE JAVA RESOURCE

    Cause: The name for a Java resource was not specified. The name must be specified with the NAMED keyword.

    Action: Specify a valid name with the NAMED keyword.

ORA-29503 SCHEMA keyword not valid with NAMED keyword

    Cause: SCHEMA and NAMED keywords were used together in the same CREATE JAVA command, but only one may be used in a CREATE JAVA command.

    Action: Remove either the NAMED or the SCHEMA keyword.

ORA-29504 invalid or missing schema name

    Cause: The required schema name was invalid or missing.

    Action: Specify a valid schema name.

ORA-29505 AS keyword is invalid in CREATE JAVA CLASS or RESOURCE

    Cause: The AS keyword was used in CREATE JAVA CLASS or RESOURCE. The AS keyword is valid only in CREATE JAVA SOURCE.

    Action: Use the USING keyword in CREATE JAVA CLASS or RESOURCE.

ORA-29506 invalid query derived from USING clause

    Cause: The USING clause did not form a valid query.

    Action: Correct the USING clause.

ORA-29507 query derived from USING clause found zero or many rows

    Cause: The USING clause defined a query that either did not return any values, or returned more than one value.

    Action: Correct the USING clause.

ORA-29508 query derived from USING clause did not select a value of type string

    Cause: The USING clause did not form a query that selects a value of the type specified by the term following the USING keyword.

    Action: Correct the USING clause.

ORA-29509 incorrectly formed Java binary class definition

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java class using data expected to be in binary (Java .class) format. The data was found not to be in this format, or to be incorrectly formed.

    Action: Correct the definition data.

ORA-29510 name, string.string, already used by an existing object

    Cause: A CREATE JAVA command attempted to create a source, class, or resource object with a name that is already in use.

    Action: Drop the existing object that is using the desired name, or use a different name for the new object.

ORA-29511 could not resolve Java class

    Cause: A CREATE AND RESOLVE NOFORCE JAVA CLASS command specified definition data that could not be resolved, or resolution failed for some referenced class.

    Action: Remove the NOFORCE option or remove impediments to resolution.

ORA-29512 incorrectly formed name resolver specification

    Cause: A name resolver was not specified in the required form: (( name_pattern , schema_name) ...).

    Action: Correct the specification.

ORA-29513 referenced class name too long

    Cause: An attempt was made to import a .class file containing a class name of length greater than number. The .class file could not be imported because the referenced class name was too long.

    Action: Shorten the referenced class name in the .class file.

ORA-29514 class name contains illegal character

    Cause: An attempt was made to import a .class file containing a character that cannot be converted to the server character set. The .class file could not be imported because of the illegal character.

    Action: Correct the illegal character in the .class file.

ORA-29515 exit called from Java code with status string

    Cause: Java code included a call to java.lang.Runtime.exitInternal.

    Action: Do not include this call unless non-local exit is desired.

ORA-29516 Aurora assertion failure: string

    Cause: An internal error occurred in the Aurora module.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-29517 recursive resolution failed for a referenced class

    Cause: An attempt to resolve a referenced class failed.

    Action: Review the errors for referenced classes and complete the necessary actions to correct them.

ORA-29518 name string resolved to an object in schema string that is not a Java class

    Cause: A referenced name was resolved to an object that is not a Java class.

    Action: Adjust name resolver or add missing Java class.

ORA-29519 name string resolved via a synonym in schema string to a class with a different name

    Cause: A referenced name was resolved to a synonym, which translated to a class whose name does not match the referenced name.

    Action: Adjust name resolver or add missing Java class.

ORA-29520 name string resolved to a class in schema string that could not be accessed

    Cause: An attempt to access a referenced class failed.

    Action: Adjust authorizations or name resolution.

ORA-29521 referenced name string could not be found

    Cause: Name resolution failed to find an object with the indicated name.

    Action: Adjust name resolver or add missing Java class.

ORA-29522 authorization error for referenced name string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to resolve a class that is not authorized to use the indicated referenced class.

    Action: Adjust authorizations or name resolution.

ORA-29523 authorization error for unknown referenced name

    Cause: An attempt was made to resolve a class that is not authorized to use a referenced class. The name of the referenced class could not be determined.

    Action: Adjust authorizations or name resolution.

ORA-29524 wrong types of arguments in call to 'string'

    Cause: A method was called with argument(s) of incompatible type(s).

    Action: Adjust caller.

ORA-29525 referenced name is too long: 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a class that references a name longer than 4000 characters. The class could not be created because the name is too long.

    Action: Adjust the definition.

ORA-29526 created Java class string"string"

    Cause: An informational message, not an error.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29527 created Java source string"string"

    Cause: An informational message, not an error.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29528 invalid Java call in trigger string

    Cause: The Java method specified in trigger does not exist or cannot be called as used.

    Action: Adjust trigger definition.

ORA-29529 invalid function or method call string in trigger string

    Cause: The function or method specified in Java trigger call expression could not be resolved.

    Action: Adjust trigger definition.

ORA-29530 could not create shortened name for string

    Cause: Insert into shortened name translation table failed.

    Action: Retry the insert.

ORA-29531 no method string in class string

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute a non-existent method in a Java class.

    Action: Adjust the call or create the specified method.

ORA-29532 Java call terminated by uncaught Java exception: string

    Cause: A Java exception or error was signaled and could not be resolved by the Java code.

    Action: Modify Java code, if this behavior is not intended.

ORA-29533 attempt to overwrite class or resource string while defining or compiling string.string

    Cause: A class or resource defined by a SQLJ source conflicted with an existing object.

    Action: Remove existing object, or modify SQLJ source.

ORA-29534 referenced object string.string could not be resolved

    Cause: Name resolution determined that the indicated object is referenced but could not be resolved.

    Action: Correct name resolver or address resolution problems in the referenced class, or correct compilation problems in its source.

ORA-29535 source requires recompilation

    Cause: The reason the current class object was invalid is recorded with the source object from which it was compiled.

    Action: Inspect errors in the source object and take the necessary corrective actions.

ORA-29536 badly formed source: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java source object with text that could not be parsed adequately to determine the class(es) defined by it.

    Action: Correct errors in source.

ORA-29537 class or resource cannot be created or dropped directly

    Cause: An attempt was made to create or drop a Java class or resource that is known to result from compilation of an existing Java source object.

    Action: Act on the class or resource by acting on the source, or change the source so that it no longer defines the class or resource.

ORA-29538 Java not installed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a Java command when Java is not installed.

    Action: Install Java, or do not use the command.

ORA-29539 Java system classes already installed

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the CREATE JAVA SYSTEM command in a database where the Java system classes already are installed.

    Action: Use CREATE OR REPLACE JAVA SYSTEM.

ORA-29540 class string does not exist

    Cause: Java method execution failed to find a class with the indicated name.

    Action: Correct the name or add the missing Java class.

ORA-29541 class string.string could not be resolved

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute a method in a Java class that had not been previously and cannot now be compiled or resolved successfully.

    Action: Adjust the call or make the class resolvable.

ORA-29542 class string already defined by source string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java source object that would define a class that is already defined by a different Java source object.

    Action: Either drop the old source or modify the new source.

ORA-29543 Java command string not yet implemented

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a Java command that is not yet implemented.

    Action: Do not use the command.

ORA-29544 invalid type

    Cause: The type argument in a call to a Java export or import command did not have a recognized value.

    Action: Correct the value.

ORA-29545 badly formed class: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java class object with bytecodes that were rejected by the Java verifier.

    Action: It is possible that an attempt was made to create the Java class from a damaged class file, in which case the CREATE should be reattempted with a correct class file. It is also possible that the message is the result of using "-" in the resolver so that the verifier could not check the correctness of some code. In that case, the class needs to be created with a resolver.

ORA-29546 badly formed resource: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java resource object with data that was rejected by the Java verifier.

    Action: Correct the data.

ORA-29547 Java system class not available: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a command that requires a Java system class that was not yet present or was invalid.

    Action: Load the system classes, or do not use the command.

ORA-29548 Java system class reported: string

    Cause: A command that uses a Java system class was aborted due to an error reported by the Java system class.

    Action: Correct the error that was reported.

ORA-29549 class string.string has changed, Java session state cleared

    Cause: A class in use by the current session was redefined or dropped, invalidating the current Java session state and requiring that it be cleared.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29550 Java session state cleared

    Cause: The Java state in the current session became inconsistent and was cleared.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29551 could not convert string to Unicode

    Cause: A string in the database character set could not be converted to Unicode, as required for use by Java.

    Action: Correct the string.

ORA-29552 verification warning: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a Java class object with bytecodes that caused the Java verifier to issue a warning.

    Action: It is possible that the Java class was created from a damaged class file, in which case the CREATE should be reattempted with a correct class file. It is also possible that the message is the result of using "-" in the resolver so that the verifier could not check the correctness of some code. In that case, the class needs to be created with a resolver.

ORA-29553 class in use: string.string

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify a Java class that is in use in the current call.

    Action: Correct the code in use in this call.

ORA-29554 unhandled Java out of memory condition

    Cause: The session encountered an out of memory condition in Java from which it could not recover. Java session state was cleared.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29555 Java source, class or resource is not allowed here

    Cause: A Java source, class, or resource was specified in an inappropriate place in a statement.

    Action: Make sure the name is correct or remove it.

ORA-29556 object type has changed

    Cause: A database object name that named a Java source, class, or resource now names an object of a different type.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29557 Java system class string cannot be modified

    Cause: A command was attempted that would have modified a Java system class.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29655 USING clause is incompatible with its supertype

    Cause: The USING clause of a type has to be the same as its supertype or compatible with it.

    Action: Make sure the USING clause is compatible with its supertype.

ORA-29656 Invalid option for USING

    Cause: The class has to implement the required interface for the value of the option for USING.

    Action: Make sure the USING clause is supported.

ORA-29657 class defined in EXTERNAL NAME clause is used in another subtype

    Cause: The supertype has an existing type that has the same value for the EXTERNAL NAME.

    Action: Make sure the EXTERNAL NAME clause is unique among subtypes.

ORA-29658 EXTERNAL NAME clause is not compatible with its supertype

    Cause: The EXTERNAL NAME clause of the type is not a subclass of the supertype EXTERNAL NAME.

    Action: Make sure the EXTERNAL NAME clause of the type is a subclass of the EXTERNAL NAME of its supertype.

ORA-29659 SQLJ Object Type validation failed to get default connection

    Cause: Unable to connect using the JDBC default connection.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29660 Unable to find the class defined in the EXTERNAL NAME clause

    Cause: The class is not loaded in the database.

    Action: Make sure the EXTERNAL NAME corresponds to a loaded class in the database.

ORA-29661 Unable to find the superclass of the defined in the EXTERNAL NAME

    Cause: The class is not loaded in the database.

    Action: Make sure the superclass of the EXTERNAL NAME is loaded in the database.

ORA-29662 Unable to find a field that matches one or more of the attributes

    Cause: The EXTERNAL NAME option of one or more attributes do not match any fields in the defined class.

    Action: Make sure the EXTERNAL NAME option of each attribute matches a field in the defined in the defined class.

ORA-29663 Unable to find a method that matches one or more of the functions

    Cause: The EXTERNAL NAME option of one or more functions do not match any method in the defined class.

    Action: Make sure the EXTERNAL NAME option of each function matches a method in the defined in the defined class.

ORA-29664 Unable to generate the helper class for the defined type

    Cause: The helper class used for supporting SQLJ Object Type is not generated.

    Action: No Action required.

ORA-29665 Java thread deadlock detected

    Cause: The Java VM has detected a thread deadlock.

    Action: Modify the Java program to avoid the deadlock condition.

ORA-29701 unable to connect to Cluster Manager

    Cause: Connect to the Cluster Manager (CM) failed or timed out.

    Action: Verify that the CM was started. If the CM was not started, start it and then retry the database startup. If the CM died or is not responding, check the Oracle and CM trace files for errors.

ORA-29702 error occurred in Cluster Group Service operation

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred while performing a CGS operation.

    Action: Verify that the LMON process is still active. Also, check the Oracle LMON trace files for errors.

ORA-29703 error occurred in global enqueue service operation

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred while performing a global enqueue service operation.

    Action: Check Oracle trace files for errors.

ORA-29704 cannot specify ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT in 8.1.5 or earlier release

    Cause: The ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter was specified when one of the instances in the cluster was running Oracle 8.1.5 or an earlier release.

    Action: Restart the instance without specifying the ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter. Or, upgrade all instances to Oracle 8.1.6 or later release and then specify the parameter.

ORA-29705 ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT is string which is incompatible with the value in other instances

    Cause: The value of the ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter must be the same in all Oracle cluster database instances.

    Action: Check your initialization parameter files in all instances and ensure that the ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter has the same value. Then restart the instance.

ORA-29706 incorrect value string for parameter ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT

    Cause: The ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter must be set to 1 in a two node cluster database configuration or unspecified if a secondary instance is not needed.

    Action: Check your initialization parameter files and correct the value of the ACTIVE_INSTANCE_COUNT initialization parameter. If you are configuring a two node primary/secondary cluster database, then set this value to 1. Otherwise, do not specify any value for the parameter.

ORA-29740 evicted by member string, group incarnation string

    Cause: This member was evicted from the group by another member of the cluster database for one of several reasons, which may include a communications error in the cluster, failure to issue a heartbeat to the control file, and so on.

    Action: Check the trace files of other active instances in the cluster group for indications of errors that caused a reconfiguration.

ORA-29741 IMR active for some, but not all members of cluster

    Cause: The IMR feature is not active for this instance, but is active for another instance in the cluster database.

    Action: Ensure that all instances have the same value for the _imr_active initialization parameter.

ORA-29760 instance_number parameter not specified

    Cause: The initialization parameter file did not contain a value for the INSTANCE_NUMBER parameter which is required to identify this instance to other instances of the database running on the same cluster.

    Action: Assign a value to the INSTANCE_NUMBER parameter in the initialization parameter file.

ORA-29800 invalid name for operator

    Cause: The name specified for the operator is incorrect.

    Action: Specify a correct name for the operator.

ORA-29801 missing RETURN keyword

    Cause: The RETURN keyword has not been specified.

    Action: Specify the RETURN keyword or check the SQL statement.

ORA-29802 missing CONTEXT keyword

    Cause: The CONTEXT keyword has not been specified.

    Action: Specify the CONTEXT keyword or check the SQL statement.

ORA-29803 missing ANCILLARY keyword

    Cause: The ANCILLARY keyword has not been specified.

    Action: Specify the ANCILLARY keyword or check the SQL statement.

ORA-29804 missing DATA keyword

    Cause: The DATA keyword has not been specified.

    Action: Specify the DATA keyword or check the SQL statement.

ORA-29805 missing COLUMN keyword

    Cause: Keyword COLUMN is expected.

    Action: Either specify the COLUMN keyword or specify another option.

ORA-29806 specified binding does not exist

    Cause: The operator binding which has been specified does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the operator binding that has been specified does exist.

ORA-29807 specified operator does not exist

    Cause: The operator which has been specified does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the operator that has been specified does exist.

ORA-29808 specified primary operator binding does not exist

    Cause: The specified binding for the primary operator does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the specified binding for the primary operator exists.

ORA-29809 cannot drop an operator with dependent objects

    Cause: The operator which is being dropped has some dependent objects.

    Action: Either drop the dependent objects first and then issue the DROP OPERATOR command or specify the FORCE option with DROP OPERATOR.

ORA-29810 inadequate operator privileges

    Cause: The user does not have the appropriate privileges to perform the specified operation on the operator.

    Action: Grant the appropriate privileges to the user and then reissue the statement.

ORA-29811 missing STATISTICS keyword

    Cause: This is not a valid option with the ASSOCIATE command.

    Action: Specify STATISTICS keyword after the ASSOCIATE command.

ORA-29812 incorrect object name specified

    Cause: The specified name is not a valid name.

    Action: Specify the correct name of the object with for which an association needs to be defined.

ORA-29813 non-supported object type with associate statement

    Cause: The type of object specified is not supported with the associate statistics statement.

    Action: Use a valid object type with the associate command.

ORA-29814 expecting USING or DEFAULT keyword

    Cause: Expecting the USING or DEFAULT keyword after the names of object(s).

    Action: Provide the USING or DEFAULT keyword.

ORA-29815 object being associated is not present

    Cause: The object for which the association is being defined is not present.

    Action: Ensure that all the objects for which the association is being defined are present.

ORA-29816 object being disassociated is not present

    Cause: Object which is being disassociated is not present.

    Action: Ensure that the object which needs to be disassociated is present.

ORA-29817 non-supported option with disassociate statement

    Cause: The type of object specified is not supported with the disassociate statistics statement.

    Action: Use a object type which is supported with the disassociate command.

ORA-29818 column name not properly specified

    Cause: Name of the column should contain the table and the column name.

    Action: Specify a valid column name.

ORA-29819 cannot associate default values with columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to associate DEFAULT values with columns which is not a valid option.

    Action: Specify a valid option.

ORA-29820 the statistics type is not present

    Cause: The statistics type which is being associated with object(s) is not present.

    Action: Ensure that the type which contains the statistics functions is present.

ORA-29821 specified primary operator does not exist

    Cause: The specified primary operator does not exist.

    Action: Check the primary operator and the signature specified.

ORA-29822 selectivity cannot be specified for the type of object

    Cause: An attempt was made to associate selectivity with index or index types which is not allowed.

    Action: Specify a valid option.

ORA-29823 object being analyzed is not a table

    Cause: The object being analyzed is not a table and is not supported.

    Action: Specify only a supported option.

ORA-29824 operator is invalid

    Cause: The operator is invalid.

    Action: Drop and re-create the operator.

ORA-29825 invalid name for indextype

    Cause: Index type name or index type schema name has invalid characters.

    Action: Verify that the name has valid characters and it is not a reserved word.

ORA-29826 keyword FOR is missing

    Cause: FOR keyword must be provided with CREATE INDEXTYPE statement.

    Action: Use FOR keyword and provide relevant operator information.

ORA-29827 keyword USING is missing

    Cause: USING keyword and corresponding implementation details must be provided.

    Action: Provide USING keyword and relevant implementation details with CREATE INDEXTYPE statement.

ORA-29828 invalid name for implementation type

    Cause: Implementation type or Implementation schema name is invalid.

    Action: Verify that the name has valid characters and it is not a reserved word.

ORA-29829 implementation type does not exist

    Cause: The implementation type specified with USING clause could not be found.

    Action: Check to see if the type exists and the user has EXECUTE privilege on this type.

ORA-29830 operator does not exist

    Cause: The operator could not be found.

    Action: Verify that the operator exists and the user has EXECUTE privilege for this operator.

ORA-29831 operator binding not found

    Cause: The specified binding for the operator is not available from the operator schema object.

    Action: Verify that the operator with the specified binding exists.

ORA-29832 cannot drop or replace an indextype with dependent indexes

    Cause: One or more indexes are dependent upon the index type.

    Action: Drop all the indexes which are dependent upon the index type before dropping the index type itself.

ORA-29833 indextype does not exist

    Cause: There is no index type by the specified name.

    Action: Use public views for the index types to see if an index type by the specified name has been created.

ORA-29834 REF datatype not supported with operators

    Cause: The user specified a REF datatype which is not supported in CREATE OPERATOR.

    Action: Reissue the CREATE OPERATOR statement without the REF datatype.

ORA-29835 ODCIGETINTERFACES routine does not return required interface(s)

    Cause: The ODCIObjectList returned by the ODCIGetInterfaces routine does not contain the interface(s) required by the current usage.

    Action: Ensure that the ODCIGetInterfaces routine returns the name(s) of the required interface(s).

ORA-29836 failed to validate referenced operators

    Cause: One of the operators referenced cannot be compiled.

    Action: Try to recompile the operators which are referenced by this index type. Use USER_INDEXTYPE_OPERATORS view to find out the referenced operators.

ORA-29837 insufficient privileges to execute implementation type

    Cause: User does not have privileges to execute the implementation type.

    Action: The owner of the implementation type must grant appropriate privileges to the user.

ORA-29838 insufficient privileges to execute the operator(s)

    Cause: User does not have privileges to execute one of the operators.

    Action: The owner of the operators must grant appropriate privileges to the user.

ORA-29839 failed to validate implementation type

    Cause: Implementation type cannot be compiled.

    Action: Try to compile the implementation type.

ORA-29840 indextype and implementation type are not in same schema

    Cause: Index type and implementation type are in different schema.

    Action: Put the index type and implementation type in the same schema.

ORA-29841 invalid option for ALTER INDEXTYPE

    Cause: The user specified an invalid option with the ALTER INDEXTYPE command.

    Action: Choose a valid option with the ALTER INDEXTYPE command.

ORA-29842 option not supported with the version string of the indextype interface

    Cause: User specified an option which is not supported with the version of the indextype interface provided.

    Action: User should either not request for this option or should provide an implementation type that implements the correct version of the indextype interface.

ORA-29843 indextype should support atleast one operator

    Cause: User attempted to drop all the operators from the indextype.

    Action: Do not drop all the operators from the indextype.

ORA-29844 duplicate operator name specified

    Cause: User attempted to add an operator name to an indextype which is already supported by the indextype.

    Action: Remove the duplicate operator and retry the command.

ORA-29845 indextype does not support local domain index on string partitioned table

    Cause: User specified a create local domain index statement using an indextype that does not support local domain indexes on tables partitioned with the given method.

    Action: Use a different indextype or build a global domain index.

ORA-29846 cannot create a local domain index on a string partitioned table

    Cause: User specified a create local domain index statement on a table partitioned using a method not supported by domain indexes.

    Action: Build a global domain index on the partitioned table.

ORA-29847 cannot create a local domain index on a partitioned index-organized table

    Cause: User specified a create local domain index statement on a partitioned index-organized table.

    Action: Build a global domain index on the partitioned index-organized table.

ORA-29848 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXMERGEPARTITION routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexMergePartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29849 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXSPLITPARTITION routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexSplitPartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29850 invalid option for creation of domain indexes

    Cause: The user specified an invalid option like ASC, DESC, SORT or a parallel clause, partitioning clause or physical attributes clause.

    Action: Choose one of the valid clauses for creation of domain indexes.

ORA-29851 cannot build a domain index on more than one column

    Cause: User attempted to build a domain index on more than one column.

    Action: Build the domain index only on a single column.

ORA-29852 keyword IS is missing

    Cause: IS keyword must be specified with Create Index statement for domain indexes.

    Action: Use IS keyword and then specify the index type name.

ORA-29853 keyword UNIQUE may not be used in creating domain indexes

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a domain index with the UNIQUE attribute.

    Action: Remove UNIQUE from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-29854 keyword BITMAP may not be used in creating domain indexes

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a domain index with the BITMAP attribute.

    Action: Remove BITMAP from the CREATE INDEX statement.

ORA-29855 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXCREATE routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexCreate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29856 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXDROP routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexDrop routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29857 domain indexes and/or secondary objects exist in the tablespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a tablespace which contains secondary objects and/or domain indexes.

    Action: Drop the domain indexes in his tablespace. Also, find the domain indexes which created secondary objects in this tablespace and drop them. Then try dropping the tablespace.

ORA-29858 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXALTER routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexAlter routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29859 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXTRUNCATE routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexTruncate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29860 cannot truncate a table with domain indexes marked LOADING

    Cause: The table has domain indexes defined on it that are marked LOADING.

    Action: Wait to see if the ongoing index DDL ends and the index state changes from LOADING state. Else, drop the domain indexes marked as LOADING with the FORCE option.

ORA-29861 domain index is marked LOADING/FAILED/UNUSABLE

    Cause: An attempt has been made to access a domain index that is being built or is marked failed by an unsuccessful DDL or is marked unusable by a DDL operation.

    Action: Wait if the specified index is marked LOADING Drop the specified index if it is marked FAILED Drop or rebuild the specified index if it is marked UNUSABLE.

ORA-29862 cannot specify FORCE option for dropping non-domain index

    Cause: A DROP INDEX FORCE was issued for a non-domain index.

    Action: Reissue the command without the FORCE option.

ORA-29863 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXCREATE routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexCreate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly Check user specified log tables for greater detail.

ORA-29864 analyzing domain indexes marked LOADING/FAILED not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to analyze a domain index which was marked as LOADING or FAILED.

    Action: If the index was marked LOADING, wait till it is marked valid before retrying the analyze. If index was marked FAILED, drop it OR rebuild it and retry the analyze.

ORA-29865 indextype is invalid

    Cause: The index type is invalid.

    Action: Drop and re-create the index type.

ORA-29866 cannot create domain index on a column of index-organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a domain index on a column of an index-organized table.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a domain index on columns of an index-organized table.

ORA-29867 cannot create a domain index on a LONG column

    Cause: The user attempted to create a domain index on a column of LONG datatype.

    Action: Do not create a domain index on a LONG column.

ORA-29868 cannot issue DDL on a domain index marked as LOADING

    Cause: An attempt was made to issue a DROP/ALTER/TRUNCATE on a domain index in a LOADING state.

    Action: Wait till the index operation completes OR issue a DROP INDEX FORCE to drop the index.

ORA-29869 cannot issue ALTER without REBUILD on a domain index marked FAILED

    Cause: Tried to issue a DROP/ALTER on a domain index in a FAILED state.

    Action: Truncate the table to mark the index as valid OR do ALTER INDEX REBUILD to rebuild the index.

ORA-29870 specified options are only valid for altering a domain index

    Cause: Specified the ONLINE or PARAMETERS clause with a non-domain index.

    Action: Reissue the statement with the correct syntax for alter.

ORA-29871 invalid alter option for a domain index

    Cause: The user specified an invalid option for altering a domain index.

    Action: Reissue the alter statement with a valid option.

ORA-29872 parameters clause cannot be combined with the specified options

    Cause: The user combined PARAMETERS clause with other alter index options.

    Action: Reissue the statement with the correct syntax for alter.

ORA-29873 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXDROP routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexDrop routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly Check the user defined warning log tables for greater details.

ORA-29874 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXALTER routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexAlter routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly Check the user defined warning log tables for greater details.

ORA-29875 failed in the execution of the ODCIINDEXINSERT routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexInsert routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29876 failed in the execution of the ODCIINDEXDELETE routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexDelete routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29877 failed in the execution of the ODCIINDEXUPDATE routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexUpdate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29878 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXTRUNCATE routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexTruncate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly. Check the user defined warning log tables for greater details.

ORA-29879 cannot create multiple domain indexes on a column list using same indextype

    Cause: An attempt was made to define multiple domain indexes on the same column list using identical indextypes.

    Action: Check to see if a different indextype can be used or if the index can be defined on another column list.

ORA-29880 such column list already indexed using another domain index and indextype

    Cause: An attempt was made to create multiple domain indexes on a column list using indextypes which do not have disjoint operators.

    Action: Check to see if the operator sets for the indextypes can be made disjoint.

ORA-29881 failed to validate indextype

    Cause: Index type cannot be compiled.

    Action: Try to compile the index type which is referenced by the domain index.

ORA-29882 insufficient privileges to execute indextype

    Cause: User does not have privileges to execute the index type.

    Action: The owner of the index type must grant appropriate privileges to the user.

ORA-29883 cannot create a domain index on column expressions

    Cause: User specified an expression in the column list.

    Action: Specify only simple columns in the column list for domain index.

ORA-29884 domain index is defined on the column to be dropped

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE DROP COLUMN was issued on a column on which a domain index exists.

    Action: Drop the domain index before attempting to drop the column.

ORA-29885 domain index is defined on the column to be modified

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY COLUMN was issued on a column on which a domain index exists.

    Action: Drop the domain index before attempting to modify the column.

ORA-29886 feature not supported for domain indexes

    Cause: Feature is not supported for domain indexes.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-29887 cannot support row movement if domain index defined on table

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE ENABLE ROW MOVEMENT was issued on a table which has a domain index defined on it.

    Action: Drop the domain index if you want to enable row movement and then reissue the command.

ORA-29888 cannot create domain index on a table with row movement enabled

    Cause: A CREATE DOMAIN INDEX statement was issued on a table that has row movement enabled.

    Action: Disable the row movement in the table and then reissue the create domain index statement.

ORA-29890 specified primary operator does not have an index context

    Cause: The primary operator does not have an index and scan contexts.

    Action: Create the primary operator with a context clause.

ORA-29900 operator binding does not exist

    Cause: There is no binding for the current usage of the operator.

    Action: Change the operator arguments to match any of the existing bindings or add a new binding to the operator.

ORA-29901 function underlying operator binding does not exist

    Cause: The function underlying the operator binding does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the function corresponding to the operator invocation exists.

ORA-29902 error in executing ODCIIndexStart() routine

    Cause: The execution of ODCIIndexStart routine caused an error.

    Action: Examine the error messages produced by the index type code and take appropriate action.

ORA-29903 error in executing ODCIIndexFetch() routine

    Cause: The execution of ODCIIndexFetch routine caused an error.

    Action: Examine the error messages produced by the index type code and take appropriate action.

ORA-29904 error in executing ODCIIndexClose() routine

    Cause: The execution of ODCIIndexClose routine caused an error.

    Action: Examine the error messages produced by the index type code and take appropriate action.

ORA-29905 method string does not exist in type string.string

    Cause: A required method with the required signature does not exist in the specified type.

    Action: Add the required method to the type.

ORA-29906 indextype string.string does not exist

    Cause: The index type does not exist.

    Action: Create the index type.

ORA-29907 found duplicate labels in primary invocations

    Cause: There are multiple primary invocations of operators with the same number as the label.

    Action: Use distinct labels in primary invocations.

ORA-29908 missing primary invocation for ancillary operator

    Cause: The primary invocation corresponding to an ancillary operator is missing.

    Action: Add the primary invocation with the same label as the ancillary operator.

ORA-29909 label for the ancillary operator is not a literal number

    Cause: The label used for invoking the ancillary operator is not a literal number.

    Action: Use a literal number as the label.

ORA-29910 invalid callback operation

    Cause: Encountered an invalid callback operation.

    Action: Ensure that all the callbacks executed from callouts are valid in the statement context.

ORA-29911 null scan context returned by ODCIIndexStart() routine

    Cause: The ODCIIndexStart() routine returned a null scan context.

    Action: Ensure that the ODCIIndexStart() routine returns a non-null scan context.

ORA-29913 error in executing string callout

    Cause: The execution of the specified callout caused an error.

    Action: Examine the error messages take appropriate action.

ORA-29914 ODCIGETINTERFACES routine does not return required stream version

    Cause: The ODCIObjectList returned by the ODCIGetInterfaces routine does not contain the required stream version for external tables.

    Action: Ensure that the ODCIGetInterfaces routine returns the required stream version.

ORA-29915 cannot select FOR UPDATE from collection operand

    Cause: Collection operands cannot be updated.

    Action: Remove the FOR UPDATE clause.

ORA-29925 cannot execute string

    Cause: The specified function does not exist or does not have an appropriate signature.

    Action: Implement the function with the appropriate signature.

ORA-29926 association already defined for the object

    Cause: The object for which the association is being defined, already has a statistics type associated with it.

    Action: Disassociate the object and then associate the object.

ORA-29927 error in executing the ODCIStatsCollect / ODCIStatsDelete routine

    Cause: The ODCIStatsCollect/ODCIStatsDelete function is causing an error.

    Action: Check the ODCIStatsCollect/ODCIStatsDelete function.

ORA-29928 duplicate default selectivity specified

    Cause: The keyword DEFAULT SELECTIVITY can only be specified once.

    Action: Remove the duplicate keyword.

ORA-29929 missing SCAN Keyword

    Cause: The scan context is not specified.

    Action: Supply the SCAN keyword.

ORA-29930 COMPUTE ANCILLARY DATA specified without the INDEX CONTEXT clause

    Cause: The COMPUTE ANCILLARY DATA option was specified without the WITH INDEX CONTEXT clause.

    Action: Specify the WITH INDEX CONTEXT option.

ORA-29931 specified association does not exist

    Cause: One or more of the object(s) that have been specified to be disassociated, do not have an association defined for them.

    Action: Verify the objects which have an association defined and issue the disassociate command again.

ORA-29932 the type being dropped is a statistics type

    Cause: Some objects have defined their statistics methods in the type being dropped.

    Action: First drop the relevant associations using the DISASSOCIATE command and then retry the DROP command, or use the FORCE option with DROP TYPE command.

ORA-29933 object being disassociated has some user defined statistics stored

    Cause: There are some user-defined statistics collected for the object being disassociated.

    Action: First delete the user-defined statistics and then reissue the DISASSOCIATE command or specify the FORCE option with DISASSOCIATE.

ORA-29934 index specified for association is not a domain index

    Cause: The user issued an ASSOCIATE STATISTICS command with an index which is not a domain index.

    Action: Issue an ASSOCIATE STATISTICS WITH INDEXES command on a domain index only.

ORA-29935 missing FROM keyword

    Cause: The keyword FROM is missing.

    Action: Specify the FROM keyword or check the SQL statement.

ORA-29936 NULL association is allowed only with a column or an index

    Cause: User tried to use the ASSOCIATE command with a schema object other than a column or an index.

    Action: Specify the NULL clause only with a column or an index.

ORA-29950 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXMERGEPARTITION routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexMergePartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly. Check user specified log tables for greater detail.

ORA-29951 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXSPLITPARTITION routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexSplitPartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly. Check user specified log tables for greater detail.

ORA-29952 cannot issue DDL on a domain index partition marked as LOADING

    Cause: Tried to issue a DROP/ALTER/TRUNCATE on a domain index partition in a LOADING state.

    Action: Wait until the index partition operation completes, issue a DROP INDEX FORCE to drop the index, OR issue an ALTER TABLE DROP PARTITION to drop the partition.

ORA-29953 cannot issue DDL on a domain index partition marked as FAILED

    Cause: Tried to issue a DROP/ALTER on a domain index partition in a FAILED state.

    Action: do ALTER INDEX REBUILD PARTITION to rebuild the index partition OR ALTER TABLE TRUNCATE PARTITION to mark the index partition as valid.

ORA-29954 domain index partition is marked LOADING/FAILED/UNUSABLE

    Cause: An attempt has been made to access a domain index that is being built or is marked failed by an unsuccessful DDL or is marked unusable by a DDL operation.

    Action: Wait if the specified index partition is marked LOADING. Rebuild the specified index partition if it is marked FAILED or UNUSABLE.

ORA-29955 error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXEXCHANGEPARTITION routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexExchangePartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29956 warning in the execution of ODCIINDEXEXCHANGEPARTITION routine

    Cause: A warning was returned from the ODCIIndexExchangePartition routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly. Check user specified log tables for greater detail.

ORA-29957 cannot create a function-based domain index on a string table

    Cause: User specified an unsupported create function-based domain index statement.

    Action: Issue the create function-based domain index statement only on supported types of tables.

ORA-29958 fatal error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXCREATE routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexCreate routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-29959 error in the execution of the string routine for one or more of the index partitions

    Cause: An error occurred during execution of the routine for one or more of the index partitions.

    Action: Check the *_IND_PARTITIONS view to see which partitions are marked FAILED. Rebuild or Truncate the FAILED index partitions.

ORA-29960 line string, stringThe ODCIIndex DDL routine has put a warning message into table SYS.ODCI_WARNINGS$.

    Action: Check the warning message.

ORA-29961 too many warnings occurred in the execution of ODCIIndex DDL routine

    Cause: The number of warnings during the ODCIIndex DDL routine is too high.

    Action: Query table SYS.ODCI_WARNINGS$ to get more warning messages.

ORA-29962 fatal error occurred in the execution of ODCIINDEXALTER routine

    Cause: Failed to successfully execute the ODCIIndexAlter routine.

    Action: Check to see if the routine has been coded correctly.

ORA-30000 missing either trim specification or char expression in TRIM

    Cause: Since FROM is specified in TRIM function, either trim specification (TRAILING, HEADING, BOTH) or trim character or both must be specified.

    Action: Add either trim specification (TRAILING, HEADING, BOTH) or trim character or both.

ORA-30001 trim set should have only one character

    Cause: Trim set contains more or less than 1 character. This is not allowed in TRIM function.

    Action: Change trim set to have only 1 character.

ORA-30002 SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH function is not allowed here

    Cause: SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH function is called at places other than select list.

    Action: Remove calls to SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH function at places other than select list.

ORA-30003 illegal parameter in SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH function

    Action: use a non-empty constant string as the second argument and retry the operation.

ORA-30004 when using SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH function, cannot have seperator as part of column value

    Action: Use another seperator which does not occur in any column value and retry.

ORA-30005 missing or invalid WAIT interval

    Cause: A non-zero integer must be specified for wait interval (in seconds) after the WAIT keyword.

    Action: Correct the syntax and retry.

ORA-30006 resource busy; acquire with WAIT timeout expired

    Cause: The requested resource is busy.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-30012 undo tablespace 'string' does not exist or of wrong type

    Cause: the specified undo tablespace either does not exist or is of the wrong type.

    Action: Correct the tablespace name and reissue the statement.

ORA-30013 undo tablespace 'string' is currently in use

    Cause: the specified undo tablespace is currently used by another instance.

    Action: Wait for the undo tablespace to become available or change to another name and reissue the statement.

ORA-30014 operation only supported in Automatic Undo Management mode

    Cause: the operation is only supported in automatic undo mode.

    Action: restart the instance in Automatic Undo Management mode before retrying the operation.

ORA-30015 previously offlined undo tablespace 'string' is still pending

    Cause: the current operation is not allowed because an undo tablespace containing active transactions is pending from a previous SWITCH UNDO operation. The operation will be allowed again after all transactions in the previous undo tablespace are committed.

    Action: Wait for all previous transactions to commit before reissuing the current statement.

ORA-30016 undo tablespace 'string' is already in use by this instance

    Cause: the specified undo tablespace is currently used by this instance. The operation failed.

    Action: If the specified undo tablespace name is incorrect, reissue the statement with the correct name.

ORA-30017 segment 'string' is not supported in string Undo Management mode

    Cause: The type of the specified undo segment is incompatible with the current undo management mode of the instance.

    Action: Check the undo segment name and the undo management mode and reissue the statement if necessary.

ORA-30018 Create Rollback Segment failed, USN string is out of range

    Cause: the system runs out of undo segment number. Too many undo segments exist.

    Action: drop some of the unused undo segments and retry the operation.

ORA-30019 Illegal rollback Segment operation in Automatic Undo mode

    Cause: This operation is only allowed in Manual Undo mode.

    Action: Restart the instance in Manual Undo_Management mode and retry the operation.

ORA-30020 UNDO_MANAGEMENT=AUTO needs Compatibility string or greater

    Cause: Auto undo management mode is not allowed in the specified compatibility release.

    Action: restart the instance in correct compatibility release.

ORA-30021 Operation not allowed on undo tablespace

    Cause: This operation is not allowed on undo tablespaces.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command if necessary.

ORA-30022 Cannot create segments in undo tablespace

    Cause: Cannot create segments in undo tablespace.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command.

ORA-30023 Duplicate undo tablespace specification

    Cause: Cannot create more than one undo tablespace during database creation.

    Action: Modify the command to contain only one undo tablespace.

ORA-30024 Invalid specification for CREATE UNDO TABLESPACE

    Cause: You have specified a clause that should not be used with CREATE UNDO TABLESPACE.

    Action: Drop the clause from the command and reissue it.

ORA-30025 DROP segment 'string' (in undo tablespace) not allowed

    Cause: Explicit DROP operation is not allowed on undo tablespace segments.

    Action: Check the undo segment name and reissue the statement if necessary.

ORA-30026 Undo tablespace 'string' has unexpired undo with string(sec) left, Undo_Retention=string(sec)

    Cause: Tried to drop a tablespace that contains unexpired undo information.

    Action: lower the setting of UNDO_RETENTION or wait a while before reissuing the command to drop undo tablespace.

ORA-30027 Undo quota violation - failed to get string (bytes)

    Cause: the amount of undo assigned to the consumer group of this session has been exceeded.

    Action: ask the database administrator to increase undo quota, or wait until other transactions commit.

ORA-30029 no active undo tablespace assigned to instance

    Cause: the current instance does not have an active undo tablespace assigned to execute transactions.

    Action: ask the database administrator to create an undo tablespace, online the undo tablespace and then retry the operation.

ORA-30031 the suspended (resumable) statement has been aborted

    Cause: The database administrator or the user aborted the execution of the suspended statement in the resumable session.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30032 the suspended (resumable) statement has timed out

    Cause: A correctable error was signaled in the resumable session and the error was not cleared within the timeout interval.

    Action: Fix the correctable error within the timeout. The default is 2 hours. Alternatively, increase the (resumable) timeout.

ORA-30033 Undo tablespace cannot be specified as default user tablespace

    Cause: It is incorrect to specify undo tablespace as default user tablespace.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command.

ORA-30034 Undo tablespace cannot be specified as temporary tablespace

    Cause: Undo tablespace cannot be specified as default temporary tablespace for the user.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command.

ORA-30035 Undo tablespace cannot be specified as default temporary tablespace

    Cause: Undo tablespace cannot be specified as default temporary tablespace for the database.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command.

ORA-30036 unable to extend segment by string in undo tablespace 'string'

    Cause: the specified undo tablespace has no more space available.

    Action: Add more space to the undo tablespace before retrying the operation. An alternative is to wait until active transactions to commit.

ORA-30037 Cannot perform parallel DML after a prior DML on the object

    Cause: Attempt to perform parallel DML after another DML on the same object in the same transaction.

    Action: Use bitmap segments to perform multiple (parallel) DML operations on the same object. Alternatively, commit before issueing the DML.

ORA-30038 Cannot perform parallel insert on non-partitioned object

    Cause: Attempt to perform parallel insert on a non-partitioned object after a previous DML on the object in the same transaction.

    Action: Commit before issueing the insert.

ORA-30039 Cannot drop the undo tablespace

    Cause: Cannot drop an undo tablespace that is in use.

    Action: Switch to a different undo tablespace and then try to drop.

ORA-30040 Undo tablespace is offline

    Cause: Cannot operate on an offlined undo tablespace.

    Action: Online the undo tablespace and redo the operation.

ORA-30041 Cannot grant quota on the tablespace

    Cause: User tried to grant quota on an undo tablespace.

    Action: Check the tablespace name and reissue the command.

ORA-30042 Cannot offline the undo tablespace

    Cause: Cannot offline an undo tablespace that is in use.

    Action: Switch to a different undo tablespace and then try to offline.

ORA-30043 Invalid value 'string' specified for parameter 'Undo_Management'

    Cause: The specified undo management mode is invalid.

    Action: Correct the parameter value in the initialization parameter file and retry the operation.

ORA-30045 No undo tablespace name specified

    Cause: If Create Database has the datafile clause, then undo tablespace name has to be specified, unless using OMF.

    Action: Specify the undo tablespace name.

ORA-30071 conversion between datetime/interval and string fail

    Cause: An error occurred during a conversion between datetime/interval and string data type due to one of the following reasons:

        * The buffer is too short to hold the result.
        * The format string is bad.

    Action: Correct the problem and try again.

ORA-30072 invalid time zone value

    Cause: The value specified for the time zone string, which appears in ALTER SESSION statement, environment variable ORA_SDTZ, or a datetime factor, is not valid.

    Action: Specify a valid time zone value.

ORA-30073 invalid adjustment value

    Cause: The value is none of the followings: 'ADJUST', 'NO_ADJUST', 'ANSI_DATE', 'ADJUST_WITH_ANSI_DATE'. 'NO_ADJUST' is the default value.

    Action: Set it to one of the three values.

ORA-30074 GLOBAL partitioned index on TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to GLOBAL partition an index on TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE.

    Action: Do not GLOBAL partition an index on TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE.

ORA- 30075 TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE literal must be specified in CHECK constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a constraint on a time or timestamp with or without time zone column without explicitly specifying the time zone.

    Action: Use time or timestamp with time zone literals only.

ORA-30076 invalid extract field for extract source

    Cause: The extract source does not contain the specified extract field.

    Action: Specify a valid extract field for the extract source.

ORA-30077 illegal casting between specified datetime types

    Cause: Cannot cast between the specified datetime types.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30078 partition bound must be TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE literals

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a time/timestamp expression whose format does not explicitly have time zone on a TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE column.

    Action: Explicitly use the TIME/TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE literal.

ORA-30081 invalid data type for datetime/interval arithmetic

    Cause: The data types of the operands are not valid for datetime/interval arithmetic.

    Action: Specify valid data types for datetime/interval arithmetic.

ORA-30082 datetime/interval column to be modified must be empty to decrease fractional second or leading field precision

    Cause: Datetime/interval column with existing data is being modified to decrease fractional second or leading field precisions.

    Action: Such columns are only allowed to increase the precisions.

ORA-30083 syntax error was found in interval value expression

    Cause: A syntax error was found during parsing an interval value expression.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-30084 invalid data type for datetime primary with time zone modifier

    Cause: When a time zone modifier is specified, the data type of datetime primary must be one of the following: TIME, TIME WITH TIME ZONE, TIMESTAMP, TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE.

    Action: Specify a valid data type.

ORA-30085 syntax error was found in overlaps predicate

    Cause: A syntax error was found during parsing an overlaps predicate.

    Action: Correct the syntax.

ORA-30086 interval year-month result not allowed for datetime subtraction

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify interval year to month as the result of datetime subtraction.

    Action: This is not allowed currently due to unclear specification in SQL Standards for this interval type. Change the interval type to interval day to second and resubmit statement.

ORA-30087 Adding two datetime values is not allowed

    Cause: An attempt was made to add two datetime values.

    Action: This addition is not allowed.

ORA-30088 datetime/interval precision is out of range

    Cause: The specified datetime/interval precision was not between 0 and 9.

    Action: Use a value between 0 and 9 for datetime/interval precision.

ORA-30089 missing or invalid datetime_field

    Cause: A datetime_field (YEAR, MONTH, DAY, HOUR, MINUTE, SECOND) is expected but not found, or a datetime_field specified the end_field in an interval_qualifier is more significant than its start_field.

    Action: Specify a valid datetime field.

ORA-30100 internal error [number]

    Cause: An internal error has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services and report the error.

ORA-30101 unknown parameter name 'string'

    Cause: You have misspelled the parameter name.

    Action: Spell the parameter name correctly.

ORA-30102 'string' is not in the legal range for 'string'

    Cause: The value of the parameter is not within the legal range.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference for the allowable values for this parameter.

ORA-30103 'string' contains an illegal integer radix for 'string'

    Cause: An illegal integer radix specification was found.

    Action: Only 'd', 'h', 'D', and 'H' may be used as radix specifications.

ORA-30104 'string' is not a legal integer for 'string'

    Cause: The value is not a valid integer.

    Action: Specify only valid integers for this parameter.

ORA-30105 'string' is not a legal boolean for 'string'

    Cause: The value is not a valid boolean.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference for allowable boolean values.

ORA-30106 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30107 parameter name abbreviation 'string' is not unique

    Cause: The abbreviation given was not unique.

    Action: Use a longer abbreviation to make the parameter name unique.

ORA-30108 invalid positional parameter value 'string'

    Cause: An invalid positional parameter value has been entered.

    Action: Remove the invalid positional parameter.

ORA-30109 could not open parameter file 'string'

    Cause: The parameter file does not exist.

    Action: Create an appropriate parameter file.

ORA-30110 syntax error at 'string'

    Cause: A syntax error was detected.

    Action: Change the input so that the correct syntax is used.

ORA-30111 no closing quote for value 'string'

    Cause: A quoted string was begun but not finished.

    Action: Put a closing quote in the proper location.

ORA-30112 multiple values not allowed for parameter 'string'

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify multiple values for a parameter which can take only one value.

    Action: Do not specify more than one value for this parameter.

ORA-30113 error when processing file 'string'

    Cause: A problem occurred when processing this file.

    Action: Examine the additional error messages and correct the problem.

ORA-30114 error when processing from command line

    Cause: A problem occurred when processing the command line.

    Action: Examine the additional error messages and correct the problem.

ORA-30115 error when processing an environment variable

    Cause: A problem occurred when processing an environment variable.

    Action: Examine the additional error messages and correct the problem.

ORA-30116 syntax error at 'string' following 'string'

    Cause: A syntax error was detected.

    Action: Change the input so that the correct syntax is used.

ORA-30117 syntax error at 'string' at the start of input

    Cause: A syntax error was detected.

    Action: Change the input so that the correct syntax is used.

ORA-30118 syntax error at 'string' at the end of input

    Cause: A syntax error was detected.

    Action: Change the input so that the correct syntax is used.

ORA-30119 unable to obtain a valid value for 'string'

    Cause: No valid value was obtained for this parameter.

    Action: Rerun the application and enter a valid value.

ORA-30120 'string' is not a legal oracle number for 'string'

    Cause: The value is not a valid Oracle number.

    Action: Refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference for allowable Oracle number values.

ORA-30121 'string' is not an allowable value for 'string'

    Cause: The value is not a legal value for this parameter.

    Action: Refer to the manual for allowable values.

ORA-30122 value 'string' for 'string' must be between 'number' and 'number'"

    Cause: The value of the parameter is not within the legal range.

    Action: Specify a value that is within the legal range.

ORA-30129 invalid function argument received

    Cause: A function received an invalid argument.

    Action: Check function calls and make sure correct arguments are being passed.

ORA-30130 invalid parameter key type received

    Cause: A function received an invalid parameter key type.

    Action: Check parameter key types in function calls.

ORA-30131 number of keys being set exceeds allocation

    Cause: The number of parameter keys being set exceeds allocation.

    Action: Reduce the number of keys being set or increase allocation.

ORA-30132 invalid key index supplied

    Cause: The key index specified was not within bounds.

    Action: Change key index to ensure it lies within bounds.

ORA-30135 OCI Thread operation fails

    Cause: An OCI Thread function call has failed.

    Action: Check the function call to make sure that the correct parameters are being passed and take the appropriate action.

ORA-30150 Invalid argument passed to OCIFile function

    Cause: An invalid argument is passed to the OCIFile function. The most common cause is that a NULL pointer is passed where a non-NULL pointer is expected.

    Action: Make sure that the values passed as arguments are valid. Check for NULL pointers.

ORA-30151 File already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to open a file with OCI_FILE_EXCL flag and the file already exists.

    Action: OCIFile is supposed throw this exception in this case.

ORA-30152 File does not exist

    Cause: The OCIFile function requires the file to exist, but it does not.

    Action: Make sure that the file exists.

ORA-30153 An invalid File Object is passed to the OCIFile function

    Cause: An invalid File Object is passed to the OCIFile function.

    Action: Make sure that the file object is a valid one. Create a new file object by calling OCIFileOpen if needed.

ORA-30154 The memory address given as buffer for OCIFileRead/Write is invalid

    Cause: An invalid memory address is given as the buffer pointer for OCIFileRead/Write.

    Action: Make sure that the required memory is allocated and pass a valid memory address as buffer pointer.

ORA-30155 An I/O Error occured during an OCIFile function call

    Cause: An I/O error occurred at the system level.

    Action: This is a system error and the action will depend on the error.

ORA-30156 Out of disk space

    Cause: The disks associated with the underlying file system are full.

    Action: Create more disk space.

ORA-30157 An invalid argument was given to operating system call

    Cause: The operating system call was called with an invalid argument.

    Action: Check the values passed. If you are unable to solve the problem, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30158 The OCIFileWrite causes the file to exceed the maximum allowed size

    Cause: There is no space to write to the file. Its size is at the maximum limit.

    Action: If you can, increase the limit.

ORA-30159 OCIFileOpen: Cannot create the file or cannot open in the requested mode

    Cause: The create flag was specified in OCIFileOpen such that the file was to be created. But unable to do so. Or the file already exists and the permissions on it does not allow the file to be opened in the requested open mode.

    Action: Check whether the user has permissions to create the specified file or if the file exists whether the permissions on it allow the requested open mode.

ORA-30160 Unable to access the file

    Cause: The function was unable to access the existing the file.

    Action: Check if the user has the required permissions on the file.

ORA-30161 A system error occurred during the OCIFile function call

    Cause: A system error occurred while executing the OCIFile function.

    Action: Investigate and solve the system error.

ORA-30162 The OCIFile context is not initialzed

    Cause: The function OCIFileInit need to be called before calling any other OCIFile function to initialize the OCIFile context.

    Action: Call the function OCIFileInit need to be called before calling any other OCIFile function.

ORA-30163 The thread safety initialization failed

    Cause: The call to SlgInit failed in OCIFileInit.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30175 invalid type given for an argument

    Cause: There is an argument with an invalid type in the argument list.

    Action: Use the correct type wrapper for the argument.

ORA-30176 invalid format code used in the format string

    Cause: There is an invalid format code in the format string.

    Action: Replace the invalid format code with a valid one.

ORA-30177 invalid flag used in a format specification

    Cause: There is an invalid flag in a format specification.

    Action: Replace the invalid flag with a valid one.

ORA-30178 duplicate flag used in a format specification

    Cause: There is a duplicate flag in a format specification.

    Action: Remove the duplicate flag.

ORA-30179 invalid argument index used in a format code

    Cause: Zero or negative argument index or index not following (.

    Action: Replace the invalid argument index with a valid one.

ORA-30180 argument index is too large

    Cause: An argument index exceeds actual number of arguments supplied.

    Action: Fix format string or pass additional arguments.

ORA-30181 integer in argument index is not immediately followed by )

    Cause: Missing closing parenthesis in argument index.

    Action: Fix the format specification.

ORA-30182 invalid precision specifier

    Cause: Period in format specification not followed by valid format.

    Action: Replace the invalid precision specifier with a valid one.

ORA-30183 invalid field width specifier

    Cause: Invalid field width supplied.

    Action: Replace the invalid field width with a valid one.

ORA-30184 argument type not compatible with a format code

    Cause: Bad argument type given for a format code.

    Action: Make format and arguments be compatible.

ORA-30185 output too large to fit in the buffer

    Cause: The buffer is not large enough to hold the entire output string.

    Action: Fix the buffer size and length passed in.

ORA-30186 '\' must be followed by four hexadecimal characters or another '\'

    Cause: In the argument of SQL function UNISTR, a '\' must be followed by four hexadecimal characters or another '\'.

    Action: Fix the string format.

ORA-30187 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30188 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30189 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30190 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30191 missing argument list

    Cause: No argument list supplied.

    Action: Modify the argument list to have at least OCIFormatEnd in it.

ORA-30192 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30193 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30194 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30195 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30196 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30197 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30198 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30199 reserved for future use

    Cause: This message is reserved for future use.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30200 Wrong NLS item was passed into OCINlsGetInfo()

    Cause: The item is not supported NLS item.

    Action: Correct the item number passed to OCINlsGetInfo().

ORA-30201 Unable to load NLS data object

    Cause: It may be caused by invalid NLS environment setting.

    Action: Check your NLS environment setting such as ORA_NLS33.

ORA-30202 NULL pointer to OCIMsgh was passed to OCIMsg function

    Cause: The NULL pointer was passed.

    Action: Check the value of the OCIMsgh pointer.

ORA-30203 Cannot open mesage file

    Cause: The message may not exist in your system.

    Action: Check the message for the given product and facility.

ORA-30204 buffer is not large enough

    Cause: The destination buffer is not large enough for storing converted data.

    Action: Check the size of the destination buffer.

ORA-30205 invalid Character set

    Cause: The specified character set is invalid.

    Action: Check if the character set ID is valid.

ORA-30331 summary does not exist

    Cause: A non-existent summary name was specified.

    Action: Check the spelling of the summary name.

ORA-30332 container table already in use by other summary

    Cause: Another summary is already using this table as a container table.

    Action: Select another table or materialized view as the container table for this summary.

ORA-30333 dimension does not exist

    Cause: The dimension named in a dimension DDL statement does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling of the dimension name.

ORA-30334 illegal dimension level name

    Cause: A level name in a dimension DDL statement did not conform to SQL identifier rules.

    Action: Use a level name that begins with a letter, consists of only letters, digits, and underscores and contains no more than 30 characters.

ORA-30335 JOIN KEY clause references a level not in this hierarchy

    Cause: The level name specified with the REFERENCES portion of a JOIN KEY clause in a dimension DDL statement does not reference a level in the hierarchy that contains the JOIN KEY clause.

    Action: Check the spelling of the level name.

ORA-30336 no child for specified JOIN KEY

    Cause: The level specified in the REFERENCES portion of a JOIN KEY clause in a dimension DDL statement does not have a child level.

    Action: Check the spelling of the level name referenced in the JOIN KEY clause. If the referenced level is the first level in the hierarchy, you need not and must not specify a JOIN KEY clause.

ORA-30337 multiple JOIN KEY clauses specified for the same parent level

    Cause: More than one JOIN KEY clause was specified for a given parent level in a dimension hierarchy.

    Action: Match up each JOIN KEY clause with the level it references in the hierarchy. Eliminate the redundant JOIN KEY clause.

ORA-30338 illegal dimension hierachy name

    Cause: An illegal dimension hierarchy name was specified in a dimension DDL statement.

    Action: Make sure the name begins with a letter, contains only letters, digits and underscore and contains no more than 30 characters. If you qualify the name with the owner name, make sure the owner name conforms with the requirements for an owner name on your system.

ORA-30339 illegal dimension attribute name

    Cause: An illegal dimension attribute name was specified in a dimension DDL statement.

    Action: Make sure the name begins with a letter, contains only letters, digits and underscore and contains no more than 30 characters. If you qualify the name with the owner name, make sure the owner name conforms with the requirements for an owner name on your system.

ORA-30340 illegal dimension name

    Cause: An illegal dimension name was specified in a dimension DDL statement.

    Action: Make sure the name begins with a letter, contains only letters, digits and underscore and contains no more than 30 characters. If you qualify the name with the owner name, make sure the owner name conforms with the requirements for an owner name on your system.

ORA-30341 dropped level has references

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a level using the default or RESTRICT option in a dimension while references to that level remain in the dimension. References can occur in hierarchies and attributes within the dimension.

    Action: First remove any references to the level prior to dropping it, or specify the CASCADE option with the DROP LEVEL clause.

ORA-30342 referenced level is not defined in this dimension

    Cause: A reference to a level not defined within the dimension was found.

    Action: Check the spelling of the level name.

ORA-30343 level name is not unique within this dimension

    Cause: Two or more levels were defined with the same name.

    Action: Check the spelling of the level names.

ORA-30344 number of child cols different from number of parent level cols

    Cause: The number of child columns specified in a JOIN KEY clause is not the same as the number of columns in the specified parent level.

    Action: Check the child columns and the columns in the definition of the referenced parent level and correct the discrepancy.

ORA-30345 circular dimension hierarchy

    Cause: A circularity was found the dimension hierarchy.

    Action: Check the hierarchy for a level name that occurs more than once.

ORA-30346 hierarchy name must be unique within a dimension

    Cause: The same name was used for more than one hierarchy in a dimension.

    Action: Check the spelling of the hierarchy name.

ORA-30347 a table name is required to qualify the column specification

    Cause: A table name was omitted in a column specification where the column must be qualified by the table name.

    Action: Qualify the column with the table name.

ORA-30348 ADD and DROP cannot both be specified

    Cause: One or more ADD clauses were found in the same ALTER DIMENSION statement with one or more DROP clauses.

    Action: Separate your ADD operations into one ALTER DIMENSION statement and your DROP operations into another.

ORA-30349 specified dimension hierarchy does not exist

    Cause: A hierarchy name was encountered that is not defined within the dimension.

    Action: Check the spelling of the hierarchy name.

ORA-30350 specified dimension attribute does not exist

    Cause: An attribute name was encountered that is not defined within the dimension.

    Action: Check the attribute name spelling.

ORA-30351 query rewrite does not currently support this expression

    Cause: A complex expression was specified that is not currently supported by query rewrite.

    Action: Reduce the complexity of the expression.

ORA-30352 inconsistent numeric precision or string length

    Cause: The SELECT expression was of a different numeric precision or string length than the corresponding container column. Therefore, query rewrite cannot guarantee results that are identical to the results obtained with the un-rewritten query.

    Action: Correct the precision or string length difference, specify the WITH REDUCED PRECISION option, or disable the REWRITE option on the materialized view.

ORA-30353 expression not supported for query rewrite

    Cause: The select clause referenced UID, USER, ROWNUM, SYSDATE, CURRENT_TIMESTAMP, MAXVALUE, a sequence number, a bind variable, correlation variable, a set result, a trigger return variable, a parallel table queue column, collection iterator, and so on.

    Action: Remove the offending expression or disable the REWRITE option on the materialized view.

ORA-30354 Query rewrite not allowed on SYS relations

    Cause: A SYS relation was referenced in the select clause for a materialized view with query rewrite enabled.

    Action: Remove the reference to the SYS relation from the select clause or disable the REWRITE option on the materialized view.

ORA-30355 materialized view container does not exist

    Cause: A DROP TABLE command was issued directly against the materialized view container table.

    Action: Use the DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW command to clean up the residual metadata for the materialized view. Then use the CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW statement to re-create the materialized view. Thereafter, use the DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW command rather than the DROP TABLE command to drop a materialized view.

ORA-30356 the specified refresh method is not supported in this context

    Cause: The refresh method that was specified is not currently supported.

    Action: Specify a different refresh method or change the context to enable support of the chosen refresh method.

ORA-30357 this PL/SQL function cannot be supported for query rewrite

    Cause: The statement referenced a PL/SQL function that is not marked DETERMINISTIC.

    Action: Perform one of the following actions:

        * Remove the use of the PL/SQL function.
        * Mark the PL/SQL function as DETERMINISTIC.
        * Disable the REWRITE option on the materialized view.

    The function should be marked DETERMINISTIC only if it always returns the same result value for any given set of input argument values, regardless of any database state or session state. Do not mark the function as DETERMINISTIC if it has any meaningful side-effects.

ORA-30358 summary and materialized view are not in same schema

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30359 Query rewrite is not supported on SYS materialized views

    Cause: An attempt was made to enable the REWRITE option on a materialized view in the SYS schema.

    Action: Create the materialized view in a different schema or disable the REWRITE option.

ORA-30360 REF not supported with query rewrite

    Cause: The statement contained a REF operator. Repeatable behavior cannot be guaranteed with the REF operator. Therefore, query rewrite cannot support the REF operator.

    Action: Remove the reference to the REF operator or disable the REWRITE option on the materialized view.

ORA-30361 unrecognized string type

    Cause: An internal error occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30362 dimension column cannot be a sequence

    Cause: The dimension statement referenced a column that is a sequence.

    Action: Remove the reference to the sequence.

ORA-30363 columns in a dimension column list must be in the same relation

    Cause: The dimension statement contained a column list where the columns are not all from the same relation.

    Action: Specify the list of columns using only columns from a single relation.

ORA-30364 this level has the same set of columns as another

    Cause: The level definition contained the same set of columns as another level.

    Action: Eliminate the redundant level definition.

ORA-30365 left relation in the JOIN KEY clause cannot be same as right

    Cause: The relation of the child columns on the left side of the JOIN KEY clause was the same as that of the parent level on the right side.

    Action: Remove the JOIN KEY clause. It is not required or allowed when the child and the parent are in the same relation.

ORA-30366 child JOIN KEY columns not in same relation as child level

    Cause: The relation of the child columns on the left side of the JOIN KEY clause differed from that of that child level.

    Action: Specify the correct child columns in the JOIN KEY clause.

ORA-30367 a JOIN KEY clause is required

    Cause: A JOIN KEY clause was omitted in a dimension statement. A JOIN KEY clause is required when the child level and the parent level are not in the same relation.

    Action: Specify a JOIN KEY clause to indicate how the relation of the child level joins to the relation of the parent level.

ORA-30368 ATTRIBUTE cannot determine column in a different relation

    Cause: An ATTRIBUTE clause in a dimension statement specified a determined column on the right that is in a different relation than that of the level on the left.

    Action: Specify attributes only for those dimension levels that functionally determine other columns within the same relation.

ORA-30369 maximum number of columns is 32

    Cause: A list of columns was specified using more than 32 columns.

    Action: Specify the list using no more than 32 columns.

ORA-30370 set operators are not supported in this context

    Cause: A set operator such as UNION, UNION ALL, INTERSECT, or MINUS was encountered in an unsupported context, such as in a materialized view definition.

    Action: Re-specify the expression to avoid the use of set operators.

ORA-30371 column cannot define a level in more than one dimension

    Cause: A column was used in the definition of a level after it had already been used to define a level in a different dimension.

    Action: Reorganize dimension levels and hierarchies into a single dimension such that no column is used to define levels in different dimensions. There is no limit on the number of levels or hierarchies you can place in a dimension. A column can be used to define any number of levels provided all such levels are in the same dimension and provided no two levels contain identical sets of columns.

ORA-30372 fine grain access policy conflicts with materialized view

    Cause: A fine grain access control procedure has applied a non-null policy to the query for the materialized view.

    Action: In order for the materialized view to work correctly, any fine grain access control procedure in effect for the query must return a null policy when the materialized view is being created or refreshed. This may be done by ensuring that the usernames for the creator, owner, and invoker of refresh procedures for the materialized view all receive a null policy by the user-written fine grain access control procedures.

ORA-30373 object data types are not supported in this context

    Cause: An object data type was encountered in an unsupported context.

    Action: Re-specify the expression to avoid the use of objects.

ORA-30374 materialized view is already fresh

    Cause: If the materialized view is fresh, ORACLE ignores the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW <mv> RELY FRESH command, and issues this error message.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30375 materialized view cannot be considered fresh

    Cause: If the materialized view is invalid or unusable, it cannot be considered fresh with the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW <mv> CONSIDER FRESH command.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30376 prevent sharing of a parsed query of an explain rewrite session

    Cause: Explain rewrite generates a shared cursor after parsing the user query. Raising this error will prevent the cursor from being shared.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30377 MV_CAPABILITIES_TABLE not found

    Cause: You have used the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API before you have defined the MV_CAPABILITIES_TABLE.

    Action: Invoke the ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/utlxmv.sql script after connecting to the desired schema.

ORA-30378 MV_CAPABILITIES_TABLE is not compatible with Oracle version

    Cause: One or more column definitions in the MV_CAPABILITIES_TABLE is either missing or incompatible with the current Oracle version.

    Action: Connect to the appropriate schema, DROP TABLE MV_CAPABILITIES_TABLE, and recreate it by invoking the ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/utlxmv.sql script prior to invoking the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API.

ORA-30379 query txt not specified

    Cause: You have attempted to use the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_REWRITE() API with an empty query text argument.

    Action: Input a valid SQL query.

ORA-30380 REWRITE_TABLE does not exist.

    Cause: You have used the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_REWRITE() API before you have created the REWRITE_TABLE.

    Action: Create it using the ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/utlxrw.sql script after connecting to the desired schema.

ORA-30381 REWRITE_TABLE is not compatible with Oracle version

    Cause: One or more column definitions in the REWRITE_TABLE is either missing or incompatible with the current Oracle version.

    Action: Connect to the appropriate schema, DROP TABLE REWRITE_TABLE and recreate it by invoking the ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/utlxrw.sql script prior to invoking the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_REWRITE() API.

ORA-30382 DROP MATERIALIZED VIEW string.string operation is not complete

    Cause: The drop materialized view operation got an unexpected error while dropping a summary object.

    Action: Re-issue the drop materialized view command.

ORA-30430 list does not contain any valid summaries

    Cause: List is empty or does not contain the names of existing summaries.

    Action: Verify that the list of names passed to refresh contains the name of at least one existing summary object

ORA-30431 refresh method must be ANY or INCREMENTAL or FORCE_FULL, not string

    Cause: An invalid refresh method was specified.

    Action: Verify that the refresh method is one of 'ANY' or 'INCREMENTAL' or 'FORCE_FULL'.

ORA-30432 summary 'string.string' is in INVALID state

    Cause: The summary is in INVALID state and cannot be refreshed.

ORA-30433 'string.string' is not a summary

    Cause: There is no such summary, therefore it cannot be refreshed.

    Action: Verify the correct name of the summary.

ORA-30434 refresh method must be one of FC?AN, not 'string'

    Cause: An invalid refresh method was specified.

    Action: Verify that the refresh method is one of 'FC?AN'.

ORA-30435 job_queue_processes must be non-zero in order to refresh summaries

    Cause: The server must be started with parameter JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES greater than zero.

    Action: Correct the value of JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES and restart the server instance.

ORA-30436 unable to open named pipe 'string'

    Cause: The refresh process was unable to open a named pipe to the job queue process usually because of insufficient system resources. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30437 all job queue processes have stopped running

    Cause: All of the job queue processes used by refresh have stopped for some reason. At least one job queue process must be running in order to refresh summaries. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30438 unable to access named pipe 'string'

    Cause: The refresh process was unable to access a named pipe to the job queue process after it successfully opened the pipe. This usually indicates an internal or operating system error condition. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30439 refresh of 'string.string' failed because of string

    Cause: The refresh job queue process encountered an error and is reporting it. The accompanying text of the message indicates cause of the error.

    Action: Varies, depending upon the reported cause.

ORA-30440 can't fast refresh;refresh complete or set event 30441 for partial refresh

    Cause: Both DML and direct-load are performed against detail tables. Fast refresh can only process direct-load inserts.

    Action: Refresh complete or set event 30441 to enable partial refresh with only direct-load inserts.

ORA-30442 can not find the definition for filter string

    Cause: For the specified filterid parameter, there is no corresponding filter definition found in the advisor repository.

    Action: Use a valid filterid generated by the create_filter function.

ORA-30443 definition for filter string's item string is invalid

    Cause: The specified filter is invalid. It contains at least one invalid filter item. If a filter item has a string list, it becomes illegal when the string list cannot be successfully parsed. If the filter item contains a range definition, and the lower bound of the range is greater than the higher bound, the item also becomes invalid.

    Action: Remove the illegal filter with the purge_filter sub-program and redefine a correct filter.

ORA-30445 workload queries not found

    Cause: No workload queries in the advisor repository can satisfy the specified filter.

    Action: Redefine a new filter or load additional workload queries that can satisfy the specified filter.

ORA-30446 valid workload queries not found

    Cause: None of the specified queries can be successfully parsed. The error may come from many sources: SQL syntax error or the owner specified by the load_workload() subprograms do not match the real user who generates the SQL statement.

    Action: Only load valid SQL statements into the advisor repository. Make sure the statements can be parsed with privilege of the owner as specified in the owner parameter of the load_workload() subprogram.

ORA-30447 internal data for run number string is inconsistent

    Cause: Users should not explicitly modify summary advisor's internal tables. Such modifications may cause inconsistency in the internal tables and result in this error.

    Action: Users can call the DBMS_OLAP.PURGE_RESULTS subprogram to remove the inconsistent data from summary advisor's internal tables.

ORA-30449 syntax error in parameter string

    Cause: The syntax for the specified parameter is incorrect.

    Action: Check ORACLE documentation for the correct syntax.

ORA-30450 refresh_after_errors was TRUE; The following MVs could not be refreshed: string

    Cause: One or more errors occurred during a refresh of multiple summaries.

    Action: The NUMBER_OF_FAILURES parameter returns the count of how many failures occurred. The trace logs for each refresh operation describe the each individual failure in more detail.

ORA-30451 internal error

    Cause: An internal error was detected by the summary refresh subsystem, and aborted the refresh operation.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30452 cannot compute AVG(X), VARIANCE(X) or STDDEV(X), without COUNT(X) or SUM(X)

    Cause: Incremental refresh of summaries requires a COUNT(X) column in order to incrementally refresh AVG(X). It requires both SUM(X) and COUNT(X) columns in order to in refresh STDDEV(X) or VARIANCE(X).

    Action: Make sure that the required columns are part of the summary definition if incremental refresh capability is desired.

ORA-30453 summary contains AVG without corresponding COUNT

    Cause: Incremental refresh of summaries with AVG(X) requires a COUNT(X) column to be included in the summary definition.

    Action: Make sure that the required columns are part of the summary definition if incremental refresh capability is desired.

ORA-30454 summary contains STDDEV without corresponding SUM & COUNT

    Cause: Incremental refresh of summaries with STDDEV(X) requires COUNT(X) and SUM(X) columns to be included in the summary definition.

    Action: Make sure that the required columns are part of the summary definition if incremental refresh capability is desired.

ORA-30455 summary contains VARIANCE without corresponding SUM & COUNT

    Cause: Incremental refresh of summaries with VARIANCE(X) requires COUNT(X) and SUM(X) columns to be included in the summary definition.

    Action: Make sure that the required columns are part of the summary definition if incremental refresh capability is desired.

ORA-30456 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because of insufficient privilege

    Cause: The user lacks one or more permissions that are required in order to refresh summaries.

    Action: Make sure that the user is granted all required privileges.

ORA-30457 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because of unmnanaged NOT NULL columns in container

    Cause: The container object for the summary contains one or more unmanaged columns do not allow nulls, and which do not specify a default value for those columns.

    Action: Make sure that default values are specified for all NOT NULL columns that are not part of the summary definition.

ORA-30458 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because the refresh mask is string

    Cause: An attempt was made to incrementally refresh a summary that is not incrementally refreshable.

    Action: Do not attempt to incrementally refresh the summary; use full refresh instead.

ORA-30459 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because the refresh method is NONE

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh a summary whose refresh method is NONE.

    Action: Summaries whose refresh method is NONE (NEVER REFRESH) cannot be refreshed. Alter the summary to change the default refresh method from NONE to some other value.

ORA-30460 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because it is marked UNUSABLE

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh a summary which is UNUSABLE.

    Action: Determine why the summary is UNUSABLE, re-enable it, and retry the refresh.

ORA-30461 'string.string' cannot be refreshed because it is marked DISABLED

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh a summary which is DISABLED.

    Action: Determine why the summary is DISABLED, re-enable it, and retry the refresh.

ORA-30462 unsupported operator: string

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh a summary containing an unsupported operator.

    Action: Verify that all columns of the summary contain expressions that are refreshable.

ORA-30463 'string' is not a detail table of any summary

    Cause: The list of tables passed to REFRESH_DEPENDENT contains at least one invalid table name. That table is not a detail table of any summary and is therefore an invalid input to REFRESH_DEPENDENT.

    Action: Verify the correct name of all tables in the list.

ORA-30464 no summaries exist

    Cause: A call was made to REFRESH_ALL_MVIEWS, but no summaries exist. At least one summary must exist before calling REFRESH_ALL_MVIEWS.

    Action: Create one or more summaries.

ORA-30465 supplied run_id is not valid: string

    Cause: There are three possible causes: The specified run_id does not exist; the run_id was created by another user other than the current user; the run_id has already been used.

    Action: Call DBMS_OLAP.CREATE_ID to create a new id.

ORA-30466 cannot find the specified workload string

    Cause: The specified workload_id is not valid.

    Action: Use a valid workload_id or DBMS_OLAP.WORKLOAD_ALL.

ORA-30467 internal data for filter number string is inconsistent

    Cause: Users should not explicitly modify summary advisor's internal tables. Such modifications may cause inconsistency in the internal tables and result in this error.

    Action: Users can call the DBMS_OLAP.PURGE_FILTER subprogram to remove the inconsistent data from summary advisor's internal tables.

ORA-30475 feature not enabled: string

    Cause: The specified feature is not enabled.

    Action: Do not attempt to use this feature.

ORA-30476 PLAN_TABLE does not exist in the user's schema

    Cause: Estimate_Summary_Size uses Oracle SQL "EXPLAIN PLAN" command to estimate cardinality of the specified select-clause. This requires a table called the PLAN_TABLE in the user's schema. For more information, refer to the Oracle9i SQL Reference.

    Action: Create the PLAN_TABLE as described for EXPLAIN PLAN. On most systems a script UTLXPLAN.SQL will create this table.

ORA-30477 The input select_clause is incorrectly specified

    Cause: The input select-clause parameter to Estimate_Summary_Size is incorrectly specified and cannot be compiled.

    Action: Check the syntax of the select-clause.

ORA-30478 Specified dimension does not exist

    Cause: The specified dimension to be verified does not exist.

    Action: Check the spelling of the dimension name.

ORA-30479 Summary Advisor errorstring

    Cause: An error has occurred in the Summary Advisor package. This message will be followed by a second message giving more details about the nature of the error.

    Action: See the Summary Advisor documentation for an explanation of the second error message.

ORA-30480 DISTINCT option not allowed with GROUP BY CUBE or ROLLUP

ORA-30481 GROUPING function only supported with GROUP BY CUBE or ROLLUP

ORA-30483 window functions are not allowed here

    Cause: Window functions are allowed only in the SELECT list of a query. A window function cannot be a group function.

ORa-30484 missing window specification for this function

    Cause: All window functions should be followed by window specification, like <function>(<argument list>) OVER (<window specification>)

ORA-30485 missing ORDER BY expression in the window specification

    Cause: Either the ORDER BY expression is mandatory for this function, or there is an aggregation group without any ORDER by expression.

ORA-30486 invalid window aggregation group in the window specification

    Cause: If the window specification is specified using RANGE option and there are multiple ORDER BY expressions, then the aggregation group cannot contain any expression (It can only have CURRENT ROW, UNBOUNDED PRECEDING, or UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING). First end point (bound) cannot be UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING and second end point cannot be UNBOUNDED PRECEDING. If the first end point is CURRENT ROW, then second end point can only be CURRENT ROW or <expr> /UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING. If the first end point is <expr> FOLLOWING, then second end point can only be <expr>/UNBOUNDED FOLLOWING.

ORA-30487 ORDER BY not allowed here

    Cause: DISTINCT functions and RATIO_TO_REPORT cannot have an ORDER BY clause.

ORA-30488 argument should be a function of expressions in PARTITION BY

    Cause: The argument of the window function should be a constant for a partition.

ORA-30489 Cannot have more than one rollup/cube expression list

    Cause: GROUP BY clause has more than one rollup/cube expression list.

    Action: Modify the query such that only one rollup/cube expression appears per sub-query.

ORA-30490 Ambiguous expression in GROUP BY ROLLUP or CUBE list

    Cause: An expression in the GROUP BY ROLLUP or CUBE list matches an expression in the ordinary GROUP BY expression list.

    Action: Remove the expression from either ordinary GROUP BY expression list or ROLLUP or CUBE expression list.

ORA-30493 The percentile value should be a number between 0 and 1.

    Cause: A percentile value for PERCENTILE_CONT or PERCENTILE_DISC function is specified out of range.

    Action: Specify a value from [0,1].

ORA-30500 database open triggers and server error triggers cannot have BEFORE type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger that fires before the database is open or before server errors, but these types of triggers are not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a trigger that fires before the database is open or before server errors.

ORA-30501 instance shutdown triggers cannot have AFTER type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger that fires after an instance shutdown, but this type of trigger is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a trigger that fires after an instance shutdown.

ORA-30502 system triggers cannot have INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE as triggering events

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a system trigger with INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE triggering events, but this type of trigger is not supported because a system trigger does not have a base table.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a system trigger with INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE triggering events.

ORA-30503 system triggers cannot have a REFERENCING clause

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a REFERENCING clause with a system trigger, but this type of trigger is not supported because a system triggers does not have a base table.

    Action: Do not use a REFERENCING clause with a system trigger.

ORA-30504 system triggers cannot have a FOR EACH ROW clause

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a FOR EACH ROW clause with a system trigger, but this type of trigger is not supported because a system triggers does not have a base table.

    Action: Do not use a FOR EACH ROW clause with a system trigger.

ORA-30505 system triggers should not reference a column in a WHEN clause

    Cause: An attempt was made to use a WHEN clause to reference a column with a system trigger, but this type of trigger is not supported because a system trigger does not have a base table.

    Action: Change the WHEN clause to an appropriate clause.

ORA-30506 system triggers cannot be based on tables or views

    Cause: An attempt was made to base a system trigger on a table or a view.

    Action: Make sure the type of the trigger is compatible with the base object.

ORA-30507 normal triggers cannot be based on a schema or a database

    Cause: An attempt was made to base a normal trigger on a schema or a database, but normal triggers can be based only on tables or views.

    Action: Make sure the type of the trigger is compatible with the base object.

ORA-30508 client logon triggers cannot have BEFORE type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger that fires before logon. This type of trigger is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a trigger that fires before logon.

ORA-30509 client logoff triggers cannot have AFTER type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger that fires after logoff. This type of trigger is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a trigger that fires after logoff.

ORA-30510 system triggers cannot be defined on the schema of SYS user

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a system trigger on the schema of SYS user. This type of trigger is not supported currently.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a system trigger defined on the schema of SYS user.

ORA-30511 invalid DDL operation in system triggers

    Cause: An attempt was made to perform an invalid DDL operation in a system trigger. Most DDL operations currently are not supported in system triggers. The only currently supported DDL operations are table operations and ALTER?COMPILE operations.

    Action: Remove invalid DDL operations in system triggers.

ORA-30512 cannot modify string.string more than once in a transaction

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify an object more than once in a transaction. This error is usually caused by a DDL statement that fires a system trigger that tries to modify the same object. It can also happen when an attempt is made to perform more than one DDL operation on a queue table in the same transaction without issuing a commit between operations.

    Action: Do not create system triggers that might modify an already modified object. Also, do not specify more than one DDL operation on a queue table in the same transaction.

ORA-30513 cannot create system triggers of INSTEAD OF type

    Cause: Only BEFORE or AFTER triggers can be created on system events.

    Action: Change the trigger type to BEFORE or AFTER.

ORA-30514 system trigger cannot modify tablespace being made read only

    Cause: A beofre trigger tries to modify a tablespace which is being made READ ONLY as the part of DDL oepration.

    Action: Modify the trigger to avoid modifications to the objects in the same tablespace as the one which is being made read only, or use autonomous transactions to commit modifications.

ORA-30515 suspend triggers cannot have BEFORE type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a trigger that fires before execution suspended. This type of trigger is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create a trigger that fires before execution suspended.

ORA-30550 index depends on a package/function spec/body which is not valid

    Cause: The functional indexes depend on some invalid/non-existent package/function specification/body.

    Action: Verify that all the package/functions which the index depends on exist and are valid.

ORA-30551 The index depends on a package/type body which does not exist

    Cause: The functional indexes depend on a package/type body which does not exist.

    Action: Create the package/type body.

ORA-30552 The package/procedure/function cannot be changed

    Cause: The package/procedure/function is deterministic and some object depends on it.

    Action: Drop the other object which depends on the package/function/procedure you are trying to change.

ORA-30553 The function is not deterministic

    Cause: The function on which the index is defined is not deterministic.

    Action: Mark the function deterministic.

ORA-30554 function-based index string.string is disabled

    Cause: An attempt was made to access a function-based index that has been marked disabled because the function on which the index depends has been changed.

    Action: Perform one of the following actions:

        * drop the specified index using the DROP INDEX command
        * rebuild the specified index using the ALTER INDEX REBUILD command
        * enable the specified index using the ALTER INDEX ENABLE command
        * make the specified index usable using the ALTER INDEX UNUSABLE command


ORA-30555 global index partitioning key is an expression

    Cause: An attempt was made to use an expression as a partitioning key in an index.

    Action: Do not attempt to use an expression as index partitioning key.

ORA-30556 functional index is defined on the column to be modified

    Cause: An ALTER TABLE MODIFY COLUMN was issued on a column on which a functional index exists.

    Action: Drop the functional index before attempting to modify the column.

ORA-30557 function based index could not be properly maintained

    Cause: The user updated a column on which a function based index is present which was not successfully updated.

    Action: Determine the error in updating the index and fix the problem.

ORA-30558 internal error [string] in function based index

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services with the exact error text.

ORA-30560 SAMPLE option not allowed with index-organized tables

ORA-30561 SAMPLE option not allowed in statement with multiple table references

ORA-30562 SAMPLE percentage must be in the range [0.000001,100)

ORA-30563 outer join operator (+) not allowed in select-list

    Cause: An attempt was made to reference (+) in select-list.

    Action: Do not use the operator in select-list.

ORA-30564 Index maintainence clause not allowed for ADD partition to RANGE partitioned tables

    Cause: The clause INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES is allowed only for ADD partition to a HASH partitioned table or ADD subpartition to a composite partitioned table.

    Action: Remove the clause and reissue the operation.

ORA-30565 Only one INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES clause may be specified

    Cause: The clause INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES was specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES clauses and reissue the statement.

ORA-30566 Index maintainence clause not allowed for this command

    Cause: The clause INVALIDATE or UPDATE GLOBAL INDEXES is not allowed for this command.

    Action: Remove the clause and reissue the operation.

ORA-30567 name already used by an existing log group

    Cause: The specified log group name has to be unique.

    Action: Specify a unique name for the log group. The name cannot be the same as any other log group, constraint, or cluster hash expression.

ORA-30568 cannot drop log group - nonexistent log group

    Cause: The <log_group_name> specified in alter table drop log group is incorrect or nonexistent.

    Action: Reenter the statement using the correct log group name.

ORA-30569 data type of given column is not supported in a log group

    Cause: An attempt was made to include a column with one of these unsupported data types: LONG, VARRAY, nested table, object, LOB, FILE, or REF in a log group.

    Action: Change the column data type or remove the log group. Retry the operation.

ORA-30570 SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT option already specified

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT option was specified more than once.

    Action: Remove all but one of the SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT specifications.

ORA-30571 invalid SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT clause

    Cause: An invalid option appears for SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT clause.

    Action: Specify one of the valid options:

        * AUTO
        * MANUAL


ORA-30572 AUTO segment space management not valid with DICTIONARY extent management

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT was used with a DICTIONARY extent management clause.

    Action: Either specify LOCAL extent management or remove the AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT specification.

ORA-30573 AUTO segment space management not valid for this type of tablespace

    Cause: In CREATE TABLESPACE, the AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT was used while creating an UNDO or TEMPORARY tablespace.

    Action: Remove the AUTO SEGMENT SPACE MANAGEMENT clause.

ORA-30574 Cannot create rollback segment in tablespace with AUTO segment space management

    Cause: A rollback segment is being created in a tablespace that was created with AUTO segment space management.

    Action: Create the rollback segment in a different tablespace.

ORA-30575 ConText Option not installed

    Cause: Oracle executable does not have ConText Option linked in.

    Action: Get the correct version of Oracle.

ORA-30576 ConText Option dictionary loading error

    Cause: ConText dictionary tables may be corrupted. This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30625 method dispatch on NULL SELF argument is disallowed

    Cause: A member method of a type is being invoked with a NULL SELF argument.

    Action: Change the method invocation to pass in a valid self argument.

ORA-30645 reject limit out of range

    Cause: Reject limit specifies the number of records rejected before terminating a table scan. The range is either a number between 1..100000 or UNLIMITED if no limit is intended.

    Action: Change the token representing the reject limit to either a number in the range of 0 and 100000 or the keyword UNLIMITED.

ORA-30646 schema for external table type must be SYS

    Cause: A schema other then SYS was specified for the TYPE.

    Action: For this version of the oracle server, always use schema name SYS.

ORA-30647 error retrieving access parameters for external table string.string

    Cause: an error occurred when fetching the access parameters for the specified external table.

    Action: If the access parameter is a query which returns a CLOB, check EXTERNAL_TAB$ to make sure the query is correct.

ORA-30649 missing DIRECTORY keyword

    Cause: DEFAULT DIRECTORY clause missing or incorrect.

    Action: Provide the DEFAULT DIRECTORY.

ORA-30653 reject limit reached

    Cause: The reject limit has been reached.

    Action: Either cleanse the data, or increase the reject limit.

ORA-30654 missing DEFAULT keyword

    Cause: DEFAULT DIRECTORY clause not specified or incorrect.

    Action: Provide the DEFAULT DIRECTORY.

ORA-30655 cannot select FOR UPDATE from external organized table

    Cause: A select for update on an external table was attempted.

    Action: Do not select for update on an external table.

ORA-30656 column type not supported on external organized table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an external organized table with a column of type LONG, LOB, BFILE, ADT, or VARRAY.

    Action: These column types are not supported, change the DDL.

ORA-30657 operation not supported on external organized table

    Cause: User attempted on operation on an external table which is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt the operation.

ORA-30658 attempt was made to create a temporary table with EXTERNAL organization

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an External Organized Temporary table. This is not supported.

    Action: Do not attempt to create External Organized Temporary tables.

ORA-30676 socket read or write failed

    Cause: A problem kept a socket from reading or writing the expected amount of data. More specific information is not available.

    Action: Try re-establishing a connection. You may need to restart whatever program is at the other end of the socket that failed, or you may need to have some problem on your network fixed.

ORA-30677 session is already connected to a debugger

    Cause: An attempt to connect a session to a debugger could not proceed because the session is already connected to some debugger.

    Action: Either use the option to force a connection or first disconnect the session from it's existing debugger.

ORA-30678 too many open connections

    Cause: An attempt to open a connection failed because too many are already open by this session. The number of allowed connections varies as some may be in use through other components which share the same pool of allowed connections.

    Action: Retry after closing some other connection. The number of connections supported is currently not adjustable.

ORA-30679 JDWP-based debugging not supported in this configuration

    Cause: An attempt to open a debugging connection failed because this server configuration cannot support the required asynchronous socket traffic detection.

    Action: This feature will not work under this server configuration. Either the feature is not supported on this platform at all, or is available only through use of a protocol=tcp dispatcher in shared-server configurations. Please consult the platform-specific documentation and "readme" material.

ORA-30680 debugger connection handshake failed

    Cause: A problem occurred when trying to establish a debugger connection. This might indicate that the port specified as the location of the debugger is actually being used by some other type of application.

    Action: Correct the host or port specifications if they are incorrect, and verify that the debugger is properly waiting for a connection.

ORA-30681 improper value for argument EXTENSIONS_CMD_SET

    Cause: An improper parameter value was provided in a call to DBMS_DEBUG_JDWP.CONNECT_TCP.

    Action: Correct the indicated parameter value and try again.

ORA-30682 improper value for argument OPTION_FLAGS

    Cause: An improper parameter value was provided in a call to DBMS_DEBUG_JDWP.CONNECT_TCP.

    Action: Correct the indicated parameter value and try again.

ORA-30683 failure establishing connection to debugger

    Cause: An error was indicated when trying to establish a connection to a debugger. Usually a TNS error will display along with this message to further explain the problem, although this TNS error will likely be hidden if you choose to trap the error.

    Action: Correct the indicated parameter value and try again.

ORA-30684 specified role could not be enabled

    Cause: The role specified for use by the debugger could not be enabled. The role may not exist or may not be granted to this user, the password specified may be incorrect, or the authenticating routine for the role is not currently active.

    Action: Correct or remove the role or password argument in the debugger connection request.

ORA-30685 versions of DBMS_DEBUG_JDWP and Oracle are inconsistent

    Cause: The installed version of the DBMS_DEBUG_JDWP package is not compatible with the release of Oracle that is being used.

    Action: Install the correct version of the DBMS_DEBUG_JDWP package.

ORA-30686 no dispatcher accepted TCP/IP connection request

    Cause: rather than a dispatcher. When this occurs, shared servers are less beneficial because the session that owns the socket cannot relinquish the process until the socket is closed. The most likely cause is that no dispatcher is configured for protocol=tcp.

    Action: To improve the scalability of your configuration, configure a dispatcher for protocol=tcp. To route these particular connections through a particular set of dispatchers, you can specify presentation=kgas. However, if you haven't done so, any protocol=tcp dispatcher will be used.

ORA-30687 session terminated by debugger

    Cause: Your program's execution has been stopped by the debugger. This can occur because of an explicit request to do so sent by the debugger, or because the debugger disconnected without first telling Oracle to let your program continue to run after the disconnection. To stop your program completely, Oracle needs to fully terminate the process.

    Action: This is in response to a debugger request; it is not an error. No action required.

ORA-30688 maximum program calling depth exceeded

    Cause: Your program contains a set of calls that are too deep to be handled. Only transitions between the different execution engines (SQL, PL/SQL, and Java) count in reaching this limit; calls within the same engine don't count.

    Action: Restructure your program so as to not call so deeply. Perhaps some recursion can be replaced with iteration.

ORA-30689 improper value for ORA_DEBUG_JDWP

    Cause: An improper value was used for ORA_DEBUG_JDWP when trying to establish a connection to a debugger. The value either did not conform to the format of ORA_DEBUG_JDWP or was too long.

    Action: Correct the value for ORA_DEBUG_JDWP and try again.

ORA-30690 timeout occurred while registering a TCP/IP connection for data traffic detection

    Cause: A timeout occurred while registering a TCP/IP connection for data traffic detection.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-30691 failed to allocate system resources while registering a TCP/IP connection for data traffic detection

    Cause: System resources ran out while registering a TCP/IP connection for data traffic detection.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-30695 JDWP message format problem

    Cause: A message passed from one software subcomponent to another using the JDWP protocol appears invalidly formatted.

    Action: This is an internal error. Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30725 JDWP-based debugging is not yet available

    Cause: This feature is not yet available for use.

    Action: Please wait for a future release.

ORA-30726 cannot specify referenced column list here

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a referenced column list for a referential constraint involving a REF column.

    Action: Remove the referenced column list specification.

ORA-30727 duplicate referential constraint for a REF column

    Cause: Multiple referential constraints were specified for a single REF column.

    Action: Remove the duplicate referential constraint and retry the operation.

ORA-30728 maximum number of columns exceeded

    Cause: Adding referential constraint on a REF column requires the creation of an additional column.

    Action: Drop some columns and retry the operation.

ORA-30729 maximum number of columns exceeded

    Cause: Adding scope or referential constraint on a REF column requires the creation of additional columns if the target table's object identifier is primary key based.

    Action: Drop some columns and retry the operation.

ORA-30730 referential constraint not allowed on nested table column

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a referential constraint on a nested table column.

    Action: Do not specify referential constraints on nested table columns.

ORA-30731 scope constraint not allowed on nested table column when the nested table is being created

    Cause: An attempt was made to define a scope constraint on a nested table column when the nested table is being created.

    Action: Do not specify a scope constraint on a nested table column when creating it. Instead, specify it using the ALTER TABLE statement.

ORA-30732 table contains no user-visible columns

    Cause: An attempt was made to query on a system table which has no user-visible columns.

    Action: Do not query on a system table that has no user-visible columns.

ORA-30733 cannot specify rowid constraint on scoped ref column

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify ROWID constraint on a scoped REF column.

    Action: Remove the ROWID constraint and then retry the operation.

ORA-30734 cannot specify scope constraint on ref column with rowid

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify scope constraint on a REF column with the ROWID constraint.

    Action: Remove the scope constraint and then retry the operation.

ORA-30735 cannot create multiple subtables of the same type under a supertable

    Cause: An attempt was made to create under a supertable (superview), a subtable(subview) of the same type as another existing subtable (subview).

    Action: Drop the existing subtable(subview) and retry the operation.

ORA-30736 objects in a table or view hierarchy have to be in the same schema

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a subtable(subview) under a supertable(superview) located in another schema.

    Action: Connect as schema owner of the superobject and retry the operation.

ORA-30737 cannot create subtable of a type which is not a subtype of the type of the supertable

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a subtable(subview) of a type which is not a subtype of the type of the super object.

    Action: Change the type of the subtable to be a subtype of the superobject's type and then retry the operation.

ORA-30738 object "string" does not exist in schema "string"

    Cause: The specified object does not exist.

    Action: Ensure that the specified object exists and retry the operation.

ORA-30739 cannot drop a table that has subtables

    Cause: The user tried to drop a table that has subtables defined under it.

    Action: Drop all subtables before trying this operation.

ORA-30740 cannot grant UNDER privilege on this object

    Cause: The user tried to grant UNDER privilege on an object that is not one of the following : non final object type, object table of non final type, object view of non final type.

    Action: Ensure that the UNDER privilege is granted on a valid object.

ORA-30741 WITH HIERARCHY OPTION can be specified only for SELECT privilege

    Cause: The user tried to specify WITH HIERARCHY OPTION for a privilege other than SELECT privilege.

    Action: Ensure that the HIERARCHY OPTION is specified only with the SELECT privilege.

ORA-30742 cannot grant SELECT privilege WITH HIERARCHY OPTION on this object

    Cause: The user tried to grant SELECT privilege WITH HIERARCHY OPTION on an object that is not one of the following : object table of non final type or object view of non final type.

    Action: Ensure that the SELECT privilege WITH HIERARCHY OPTION is granted on a valid object.

ORA-30743 "string" is not an object view

    Cause: The specified object is not an object view.

    Action: Specify an object view and retry the operation.

ORA-30744 "string" is not an object table

    Cause: The specified object is not an object table.

    Action: Specify an object table and retry the operation.

ORA-30745 error occurred while trying to add column "string" in table "string"

    Cause: The user tried to add a subtype which tried to alter the tables dependent on the supertype.

    Action: Ensure that the table will not exceed the columnlimit on adding this subtype.

ORA-30746 error occurred while trying to drop column "string" in table "string"

    Cause: The user tried to drop a subtype with VALIDATE option which tried to check for stored instances of the type in the stated table.

    Action: Delete all instances of this subtype and then drop the type.

ORA-30747 cannot create substitutable tables or columns of non final type string.string

    Cause: The user tried to create substitutable table or column of a non final type. This operation is not currently supported.

    Action: Change the statement to create a non substitutable table/column.

ORA-30748 column string already enabled to store objects of type string.string

    Cause: The user is trying to enable a column to store instances of a type for which it is already enabled.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30749 column string not enabled to store objects of type string.string

    Cause: The user is trying to disable a column from storing instances of a type for which it is already enabled.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30750 cannot enable column string to store objects of type string.string

    Cause: The user is trying to enable a column to store instances of a subtype. The error is raised due to one of the following:

    Action: Fix the cause of the error and retry the operation.

ORA-30751 cannot disable column string from storing objects of type string.string

    Cause: The user is trying to drop a type from being stored in a substitutable column or table. This error is raised due to one of the following reasons :

        * the column is enabled to store instances of some subtype of the type being dropped.
        * the column is enabled to store instances of only one type.

    Action: Fix the cause of the error and retry the operation.

ORA-30752 column or table string is not substitutable

    Cause: The user is performing an operation that is not allowed on non substitutable column or table.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30753 column or table string is substitutable

    Cause: The user is performing an operation that is not allowed on a substitutable column or table.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30754 column or table string stores objects of only one type

    Cause: The user is trying to perform an operation that is not allowed on an object column or table that is enabled to store instances of a single type.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-30755 error during expansion of view hierarchy

    Cause: There was an error while trying to expand a view hierarchy. This could be due to invalid subviews (or subviews with errors).

    Action: Ensure that all subviews are valid. For example alter view ... compile and retry the operation.

ORA-30756 cannot create column or table of type that contains a supertype attribute

    Cause: The user tried to create a column or table of an object type that contains a supertype attribute. This is not supported because it leads to infinite recursion in the current storage model. Note that creating a column of a type implies that we create columns corresponding to all subtype attributes as well.

    Action: Change the type definition to contain a supertype REF attribute instead of the supertype object attribute.

ORA-30757 cannot access type information

    Cause: Either a subtype was created and operations performed with this new type while the session was in progress, or the type information was unpinned from the object cache.

    Action: Commit necessary changes, end the user session, reconnect again and re-try the object operations. If the problem persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-30765 cannot modify scope for an unscoped REF column

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the scope for an unscoped REF column.

    Action: Use an ALTER TABLE ADD SCOPE FOR command instead.

ORA-30766 cannot modify scope for a REF column with a REFERENCES constraint

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the scope for a REF column with a REFERENCES constraint.

    Action: Drop the REFERENCES constraint, and retry the operation.

ORA-30767 OID type mismatch

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify the scope for a REF column to a table whose object identifier's type is different from that of the original scoped table.

ORA-30768 Cannot evaluate pipelined function

    Cause: Pipelined functions can only be used in a TABLE expression in the FROM clause.

    Action: Use a non-pipelined function instead.

ORA-30770 Cannot specify storage options for fixed size opaque type

    Cause: Storage clause was specified during table creation for a fixed size opaque type.

    Action: Do not provide storage option clause.

ORA-30771 Cannot add more than one referential constraint on REF column "string"

    Cause: Multiple referential constraints were specified for a single REF column.

    Action: Remove the additional referential constraints and retry the operation.

ORA-30772 opaque types do not have default constructors

    Cause: Constructor invocation did not succeed, since no user-defined constructors were defined for the opaque type, and since opaque types do not have default constructors.

    Action: Add user-defined constructors to opaque type, or specify a member or static method for the opaque type.

ORA-30926 unable to get a stable set of rows in the source tables

    Cause: A stable set of rows could not be got because of a large amount of DML activity or a non-deterministic where clause.

    Action: Remove any non-deterministic where clauses and reissue the DML.

ORA-30927 Unable to complete execution due to failure in temporary table transformation

    Cause: In memory temporary tables we create are aged out of shared pool before we are able to grab them again.

    Action: Reduce activities that use a lot of shared pool space or wait for a while, then retry.

ORA-30928 Connect by filtering phase runs out of temp tablespace

    Cause: It is probably caused by the fact that there is a loop in the data.

    Action: Retry the query with the NO_FILTERING hint. If the same error still occurs, then increase temp tablespace.

ORA-30929 ORDER SIBLINGS BY clause not allowed here

    Cause: ORDER SIBLINGS BY clause is specified in a query which doesn't have CONNECT BY clause.

    Action: Remove ORDER SIBLINGS BY clause or add CONNECT BY clause.

ORA-31000 Resource 'string' is not an XDB schema document

    Cause: The given schema URL does not refer to a registered XDB schema.

    Action: Make sure the specified schema has been registered in XDB.

ORA-31001 Invalid resource handle or path name "string"

    Cause: An invalid resource handle or path name was passed to the XDB hierarchical resolver.

    Action: Pass a valid resource handle or path name to the hierarchical resolver.

ORA-31002 Path name string is not a container

    Cause: XDB expected the given path name to represent a container.

    Action: Pass a path name or resource handle that represents a container.

ORA-31003 Parent string already contains child entry string

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a duplicate child into the XDB hierarchical resolver.

    Action: Insert a unique name into the container.

ORA-31004 Length string of the BLOB in XDB$H_INDEX is below the minimum string

    Cause: In the XDB$H_INDEX table, the CHILDREN column, a BLOB, must have a certain minimum length without being chained. The calculated length of the LOB was less than the stated minimum.

    Action: Set the value of the DB_BLOCK_SIZE initialization parameter to at least 2 KB. For XDB to run at its fastest, set DB_BLOCK_SIZE to 8 KB.

ORA-31005 Path name length string exceeds maximum length string

    Cause: The length of a path name passed to the XDB hierarchical resolver exceeded the maximum length.

    Action: Choose a shorter path name.

ORA-31006 Path name segment length string exceeds maximum length string

    Cause: The length of a path name segment passed to the XDB hierarchical resolver exceeded the maximum length of a path name segment.

    Action: Choose a shorter path name segment.

ORA-31007 Attempted to delete non-empty container string/string

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a non-empty container in the XDB hierarchical resolver.

    Action: Either perform a recursive deletion or first delete the contents of the container.

ORA-31008 stream error in XDB, error code [string], stream type [string]

    Cause: A stream error occurred in XDB.

ORA-31010 XML element index string exceeds maximum insertion index string

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert an XML element at an invalid index location in the node.

    Action: Choose a new index that falls within the allowed range.

ORA-31011 XML parsing failed

    Cause: The XML parser returned an error while trying to parse the document.

    Action: Check if the document to be parsed is valid.

ORA-31012 Given XPATH expression not supported

    Cause: XPATH expression passed to the function is currently unsupported.

    Action: Check the xpath expression and change it to use a supported expression.

ORA-31013 Invalid XPATH expression

    Cause: XPATH expression passed to the function is invalid.

    Action: Check the xpath expression for possible syntax errors.

ORA-31014 Attempted to delete the root container

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete the root container in the hierarchical index.

    Action: Do not delete the root container.

ORA-31015 Attempted to insert entry without name

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert an entry into the hierarchical resolver without a child name.

    Action: Supply a child name and try inserting again.

ORA-31016 Attempted to delete entry without name

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete an entry from the hierarchical resolver without a child name.

    Action: Supply a child name and try deleting again.

ORA-31017 Error generating unique OID for XML document

    Cause: An error occurred while generating a globally unique OID for storing an XML document.

ORA-31018 Error deleting XML document

    Cause: The XMLType object pointed to by the given REF could not be deleted because either the REF was invalid or it pointed to a non-existent table.

    Action: Either use FORCE deletion or supply a valid REF.

ORA-31019 Recursive deletion snapshot too old for string/string

    Cause: Changes were made to the structure of a directory while it was being recursively deleted.

    Action: Try deleting the directory again.

ORA-31020 The operation is not allowed, Reason: string

    Cause: The attempted operation is not allowed.

    Action: See reason and change to a valid operation.

ORA-31021 Element definition not found

    Cause: The element definition was not found.

    Action: Supply the definition for the element or use a defined element.

ORA-31022 Element not found

    Cause: The element was not found.

    Action: Make sure the specified element exists.

ORA-31023 Index size error

    Cause: The index is greater than the allowed value.

    Action: Make sure the index is less than the allowed value.

ORA-31024 Exceeded maximum number string of XML node elements

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert more than the allowed number of elements into an XML document node.

    Action: Do not attempt to add more than the maximum number of elements to XML document nodes that maintain order.

ORA-31025 Invalid document element

    Cause: An attempt was made to replace the data at an invalid index number in the XML document.

    Action: Supply a correct occurrence number and try again.

ORA-31026 XML maxoccurs value string exceeded

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert more than maxoccurs values into a schema-based XML document.

    Action: Do not insert more than maxoccurs values into the document.

ORA-31027 Path name or handle string does not point to a resource

    Cause: An attempt was made to retrieve a resource based on a path name or resource handle that points to an entity other than a resource.

    Action: Do not attempt to retrieve a resource based on that path name or resource handle.

ORA-31028 XML node string has length string, exceeding maximum string

    Cause: An attempt was made to store an XML text or attribute node whose length exceeded the maximum specified by the XML schema.

    Action: Shorten the data so that it conforms to its XML schema definition.

ORA-31029 Cannot bind to unsaved resource

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind to a resource that had not been saved to disk.

    Action: Bind only to saved resources.

ORA-31030 Unable to retrieve XML document

    Cause: The resource had an invalid (dangling) REF to an XML document.

    Action: Rebind the resource using a valid XMLType REF.

ORA-31031 Cannot insert non-schema data into unordered XML nodes

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert non-schema-based XML data (for example, such as a comment or processing instruction) into an XML node that did not maintain ordering.

    Action: In the schema, define the element with maintainOrder=true in order to add non-schema data.

ORA-31032 XML element index string out-of-range for string-element node

    Cause: An attempt was made to access an out-of-range element in an XML document node.

    Action: Access data only at indexes that do not exceed the maximum value.

ORA-31033 Requested number of XML children string exceeds maximum string

    Cause: An attempt was made to add more than the maximum number of allowable children in an XML element.

    Action: Redefine the schema to allow breaking up of the children among siblings.

ORA-31034 Could not delete at index string in a string-element node

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete an XML element at an index that exceeds the node's total number of elements.

    Action: Delete data only at valid indexes.

ORA-31035 Could not bind locked resource to path string/string

    Cause: An attempt was made to bind an existing resource to a new location in the hierarchy, but a lock could not be obtained on the resource.

    Action: Commit or roll back the transaction that has the lock on the resource.

ORA-31036 Cannot store an XML prefix without an associated namespace

    Cause: An attempt was made to store an XML prefix without supplying the namespace to which it should be associated.

    Action: Store prefixes only with their associated namespaces.

ORA-31037 Invalid XML attribute name string

    Cause: The attribute name in the XML document did not match anything in the associated schema.

    Action: Supply only schema-defined or XML standard attributes.

ORA-31038 Invalid string value string

    Cause: The text in the XML document did not represent a valid value given the datatype and other constraints in the schema.

    Action: Ensure that the specified value in XML documents is valid with respect to the datatype and other constraints in the schema.

ORA-31039 XML namespace length string exceeds maximum string

    Cause: The length of the disk-formatted XML namespace exceeded the maximum.

    Action: Keep XML namespace declarations below the maximum length.

ORA-31040 Property string: XML type (string) not compatible with internal memory type (string)

    Cause: The XML datatype given is inconsistent with the database datatype and a conversion cannot be made.

    Action: This is an internal error, generally resulting from corruption of the compiled XML schema. Re-register schemas or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31041 Property string: Memory type (string) not compatible with database type (string)

    Cause: The memory type associated with this property is mapped to an incompatible database type and a conversion cannot be made.

    Action: This is an internal error, generally resulting from corruption of the compiled XML schema. Re-register schemas or contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31042 Too many properties in type 'string'

    Cause: The type can only have the same number of properties (elements and attributes) as a table can have columns.

    Action: Modify the XML schema to move properties into subelements that are not inlined.

ORA-31043 Element 'string' not globally defined in schema 'string'

    Cause: The specified element name has not been defined at the top level of the XML schema (that is, globally). Elements must be defined globally to be the root of an XMLType object.

    Action: Check the XML schema definition to make sure the specified element name has been defined at the top level.

ORA-31044 Top-level prefix length string exceeds maximum string

    Cause: An attempt was made to save to disk a top-level XML namespace prefix whose length exceeded the maximum.

    Action: Do not define XML namespace prefixes that exceed the maximum length.

ORA-31045 Cannot store more than string extras outside the root XML node

    Cause: An attempt was made to store more than the maximum number of XML extras (for example, such as comments and processing instructions) either before or after the document's root node.

    Action: Keep the number of extras outside the root node below the maximum.

ORA-31046 Incorrect argument(s) specified in the operator

    Cause: One or more of the arguments specified in the operator in the query are incorrect.

    Action: Correct the arguments specified in the operator.

ORA-31047 Could not retrieve resource data at path string

    Cause: An error occurred while retrieving the contents of a resource, the metadata of a resource, or both.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31048 Unsaved resources cannot be updated

    Cause: An attempt was made to update a resource that was never saved to disk.

    Action: Perform a resource insertion instead.

ORA-31050 Access denied

    Cause: The requested access privileges have not been granted to the current user. Users must be granted privileges prior to resource access.

    Action: Check the set of requested access privileges to make sure that they are included in the set of access privileges granted to the user.

ORA-31051 Requested access privileges not supported

    Cause: The requested access privileges are not supported for the specified resource.

    Action: Ensure that the set of requested access privileges are valid access privileges for the specified resource.

ORA-31052 Cannot delete ACL with other references

    Cause: The requested deletion of an ACL resource cannot proceed. The ACL is in use by other resources.

    Action: Remove the resources that are making reference to the ACL in question and try again.

ORA-31053 The value of the depth argument in the operator cannot be negative

    Cause: The value of the depth argument passed to the primary operator was not a positive integer.

    Action: Pass a positive value in the depth argument.

ORA-31054 The string operator cannot have an ancillary operator

    Cause: An ancillary operator was used with an operator which does not support ancillary operators.

    Action: Remove the ancillary operator in the query.

ORA-31055 A null XMLType element cannot be inserted into RESOURCE_VIEW

    Cause: The element which is being inserted into the RESOURCE_VIEW is NULL.

    Action: Specify a non-null XMLType element to insert into RESOURCE_VIEW.

ORA-31056 The document being inserted does not conform to Resource Schema

    Cause: The XMLType element being inserted into the RESOURCE_VIEW does not conform to the Resource Schema.

    Action: Insert an element which conforms to the Resource Schema.

ORA-31057 Display Name of the element being inserted is null

    Cause: The Display Name of the element which is being inserted into the RESOURCE_VIEW is null.

    Action: Specify the Display Name and insert the element into RESOURCE_VIEW.

ORA-31058 cannot modify read-only XOBs

    Cause: Read-Only XOBs cannot be modified.

    Action: Use only read operations on such a XOB.

ORA-31059 Cannot insert root XML document node if it already exists

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a root node into an XML document that already had a root node.

    Action: Call the appropriate replace function to replace the node instead of inserting it anew.

ORA-31060 Resource at path string could not be deleted

    Cause: An error occurred while deleting the named resource. The specific error can be found one lower on the error stack.

    Action: Look at the next error on the stack and take approprate action.

ORA-31062 Cannot delete an unsaved resource

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a resource that has not been saved to disk.

    Action: Delete only saved resources.

ORA-31065 Cannot modify read-only property [string]

    Cause: An attempt was made to modify an immutable XML node.

    Action: Use only read operations on such properties.

ORA-31066 Insertion of string into string creates a cycle

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert a link into the XDB hierarchy that would create a cycle in the tree.

    Action: Ensure that links to existing resources do not cause cycles.

ORA-31067 XML nodes must be updated with nodes of the same type

    Cause: An attempt was made to use updateXML to update an XML node with a node of another type.

    Action: Ensure that the node specified by the XPath matches the type of the new data provided.

ORA-31068 updateXML expected data format [string] instead of [string]

    Cause: An attempt was made to use updateXML to update data with a node of the incorrect type. Text and attribute nodes must be updated with string data, whereas element nodes must be updated with XMLType data.

    Action: Use CREATEXML or getStringVal to coerce the new data to the proper format.

ORA-31069 Cannot apply typed changes to non-schema-based XMLType nodes

    Cause: An attempt was made to insert, delete, or update a non-schema-based XMLType node using an XML schema definition.

    Action: Make changes to non-typed nodes only by referencing their tag names.

ORA-31070 Invalid database user ID string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set an invalid user ID into an XDB resource metadata property.

    Action: Verify the validity of the user ID and try again.

ORA-31071 Invalid database username or GUID string

    Cause: An attempt was made to set an invalid username or GUID into an XDB resource metadata property.

    Action: Verify the validity of the username or GUID and try again.

ORA-31072 Too many child nodes in XMLType fragment for updateXML

    Cause: An attempt was made to pass an XMLType fragment with multiple children as new data for the updateXML operator.

    Action: Extract the desired child from the XMLType before passing it to updateXML as the desired new XML node.

ORA-31073 Resource not retrieved using path name

    Cause: An attempt was made to access the path name of a resource that was either never saved to disk or was loaded using a method other than with its path name.

    Action: Perform path name operations only on resources obtained using a path name.

ORA-31075 invalid string declaration in XML Schema

    Cause: The XML schema contains an invalid declaration identified by the message.

    Action: Fix the identified error and try again.

ORA-31076 required attribute "string" not specified

    Cause: The XML schema does not specify a required attribute.

    Action: Specify a value for the required attribute.

ORA-31077 invalid attribute "string" specified

    Cause: The XML schema specifies an invalid attribute.

    Action: Remove the specification of the invalid attribute.

ORA-31078 error in SQL mapping information

    Cause: There is an error in the SQL type and table specification within the XML Schema.

    Action: Ensure that all specified SQL types and tables are valid and compatible with the corresponding XML types.

ORA-31079 unable to resolve reference to string "string"

    Cause: The identified type, attribute, or element could not be resolved.

    Action: Make sure that the name corresponds to a valid XML (simple/complex) type or attribute or element and try again.

ORA-31080 type not specified for attribute or element "string"

    Cause: The identified attribute or element does not have a type.

    Action: Make sure that every attribute and element has a valid type specification.

ORA-31081 name not specified for global declaration

    Cause: The XML schema does not specify the name for the global declaration of attribute, element, simpleType, or complexType.

    Action: Specify names for all global declarations.

ORA-31082 invalid attribute "string" specified in declaration of "string"

    Cause: The XML schema specifies an invalid attribute.

    Action: Remove the specification of the invalid attribute.

ORA-31083 error while creating SQL type "string"."string"

    Cause: An error occurred while trying to create the SQL type based on the specification of a complex type.

    Action: Fix the identified error and try again.

ORA-31084 error while creating table "string"."string" for element "string"

    Cause: An error occurred while trying to create the table based on the declaration of the identified element.

    Action: Fix the identified error and try again.

ORA-31085 schema "string" already registered

    Cause: An attempt was made to register a schema with the same URL as a previously registered schema.

    Action: Register the schema with a different URL.

ORA-31086 insufficient privileges to register global schema "string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to register a global schema without sufficient privileges.

    Action: Make sure that the user has sufficient privileges to register a global schema.

ORA-31087 insufficient privileges to delete schema "string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a schema resource without sufficient privileges.

    Action: Make sure that the user has sufficient privileges to delete the schema.

ORA-31088 object "string"."string" depends on the schema

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete a schema which has dependent objects.

    Action: Either drop the dependent objects prior to deleting the schema or use the CASCADE or FORCE options.

ORA-31089 schema "string" does not target namespace "string"

    Cause: The schema document contains references (through include and import definitions) to other schemas that do not belong to valid namespaces.

    Action: Make sure that all schemas referenced through include definitions target the same namespace as the parent schema. Further more, make sure that the namespace specified in the import definition matches the actual target namespace of the specified schema.

ORA-31090 invalid database schema name "string"

    Cause: The XML schema document contains an invalid database schema name For example, the value of attribute SQLSchema.

    Action: Make sure that all database user/schema names specified in the XML schema document refer to existing database users/schemas.

ORA-31091 empty string specified as a SQL name

    Cause: The XML schema document contains a null SQL name. For example, the values of attributes SQLName, SQLType, defaultTable.

    Action: Make sure that all names of SQL schema objects specified in the XML schema document are valid SQL names. Otherwise, remove such attributes from the schema and try again.

ORA-31092 invalid SQL name "string"

    Cause: The XML schema document contains an invalid SQL name. For example, the values of attributes SQLName, SQLType, defaultTable.

    Action: Make sure that all names of SQL schema objects specified in the XML schema document are valid SQL names. This implies that the database length and other restrictions on names be satisfied.

ORA-31093 null or invalid value specified for parameter : string

    Cause: The argument value passed for the given parameter is null or invalid.

    Action: Make sure that all the input argument values are valid.

ORA-31094 incompatible SQL type "string" for attribute or element "string"

    Cause: The SQL type information provided in the XML schema is not compatible with the XML datatype for the specified attribute or element.

    Action: Make sure that the specified SQL types are compatible with the declared XML datatypes.

ORA-31095 cannot generate string : "string.string" already exists

    Cause: The type/table name specified in the XML schema document cannot be generated because it is already being used.

    Action: Use different names for types/tables or use the NOGEN mode so that schema compiler does not generate new types/tables.

ORA-31096 validation failed for schema

    Cause: The XML Schema could not be validated.

    Action: Make sure that the SQLType and other datatype mapping is valid.

ORA-31097 Hierarchical Index not empty

    Cause: An attempt was made to rebuild the hierarchical index which is not empty.

    Action: Delete all rows in the hierarchical index and then rebuild it.

ORA-31099 XDB Security Internal Error

    Cause: An XDB Security internal error has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31100 XDB Locking Internal Error

    Cause: An XDB Locking Internal error has occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31101 Token "string" not given while locking resource "string"

    Cause: Locking attempted on resource when the principal already owns a lock given by the token above.

    Action: Reattempt the lock with the token.

ORA-31102 Already locked in exclusive mode. Cannot add lock.

    Cause: The resource is already locked in exclusive mode. Cannot add another lock.

    Action: Unlock the existing lock.

ORA-31103 Resource locked in shared mode. Cannot add exclusive lock.

    Cause: The resource is locked in shared mode. Cannot add a shared lock.

    Action: Try locking in shared mode or unlocking the existing lock.

ORA-31104 Cannot find lock with token "string" on "string" for unlock

    Cause: The lock may have been unlocked or it may have expired.

    Action: No action required. Unlock already successful.

ORA-31105 User does not own lock "string"

    Cause: The lock to be unlocked is not owned by the user.

ORA-31106 Action failed as the parent container is locked

    Action: Supply the lock token on parent container or unlock it.

ORA-31107 Action failed as resource "string" is locked by name lock

    Cause: Lock requests cause the whole request URI to be locked.

    Action: Supply lock token or unlock the lock.

ORA-31108 Action failed as resource string is locked

    Cause: Delete/Rename failed because of an existing lock.

    Action: Do lockdiscovery to find the lock and delete it.

ORA-31109 Action failed as parent resource string is locked

    Cause: Delete/Rename failed because of a lock on parent resource.

    Action: Do lockdiscovery to find the lock and delete it.

ORA-31110 Action failed as resource string is locked by name

    Cause: Delete/Rename failed because one of the children is locked.

    Action: Do lockdiscovery to find the lock and delete it.

ORA-31111 table string cannot be hierarchically enabled

    Cause: Trigger <tabname>_xdb_pitrigger already exists.

    Action: Either the table is already hierarchically enabled or the user trigger <tabname>_xdb_pitrigger needs to be dropped. Delete all rows in the hierarchical index and then rebuild it.

ORA-31112 fail to string for string port using xdb configuration

    Cause: port number for the defined presentation is not valid.

    Action: Either the port number is already in use or it is protected. Specify another port number.

ORA-31113 XDB configuration may not be updated with non-schema compliant data

    Cause: An attempt was made to update the XDB configuration resource with non-schema or non-schema compliant data.

    Action: Check the document to make sure it is schema based and schema compliant.

ORA-31114 XDB configuration has been deleted or is corrupted

    Cause: The XDB configuration resource has been deleted or corrupted.

    Action: Reinstall XDB, or reinsert a valid configuration document.

ORA-31115 XDB configuration error: string

    Cause: An error related to XDB configuration has occurred.

    Action: Make sure the configuration resource contains valid data.

ORA-31121 The string operator can not be FALSE

    Cause: The value of the operator that is specified is FALSE.

    Action: Specify an operator that evaluates to TRUE.

ORA-31122 The string operator has incorrect RHS value

    Cause: The right hand side value that has been specified for the operator does not evaluate to TRUE.

    Action: Specify a value on the right hand side that evaluates to TRUE.

ORA-31151 Cyclic definition encountered for string: "string"

    Cause: The schema definition for this type has cycles.

    Action: Remove the cyclic definition and re-compile schema.

ORA-31153 Cannot create schema URL with reserved prefix "http://xmlns.oracle.com/xdb/schemas/"

    Cause: This prefix is reserved for XDB extended schema URLs and cannot be used in a user specified URL.

    Action: Modify the prefix to a different one.

ORA-31154 invalid XML document

    Cause: The XML document is invalid with respect to its XML Schema.

    Action: Fix the errors identified and try again.

ORA-31155 attribute string not in XDB namespace

    Cause: The specified attribute should be prefixed with XDB's namespace.

    Action: Ensure that all XDB specified attributes are prefixed with XDB's namespace and try again.

ORA-31190 Resource string is not a version-controlled resource

    Cause: Either one of the following is the cause:

        * Checkout is requested for a resource that isn't under version control.

          Only version-controlled resources can be checked out.
        * Checkout is requested for a row of a non-versioned table.

    Action: Put the resource under version-control before checking out.

ORA-31191 Resource string is already checked out

    Cause: Checkout is requested for a resource that is already checked out to the workspace by the same or different user.

    Action: Checked in the resource from the workspace before checking out.

ORA-31192 Resource string has not been checked out

    Cause: Checkin or uncheckout is requested for a resource that has not been checked out to the workspace by any user in a workspace.

    Action: Checked in the resource from the workspace before checking out.

ORA-31193 This versioning feature isn't supported for resource string

    Cause: Container cannot be put under version-controlled.

    Action: Avoid using these features.

ORA-31194 Resource string is already deleted

    Cause: Accessed a version-controlled resource that is already deleted.

    Action: Re-create the resource.

ORA-31201 DBMS_LDAP: generic error: string

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP package.

    Action: Please report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31202 DBMS_LDAP: LDAP client/server error: string

    Cause: There is a problem either on the LDAP server or on the client.

    Action: Please report this error to the LDAP server administrator or your Database administrator.

ORA-31203 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Init Failed

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP Init operation.

    Action: Please check the host name and port number, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31204 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP Session

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP bind operation.

    Action: Please check the session handler that you use for binding, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31205 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP Auth method

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP bind operation.

    Action: Please check the authentication credentials that you used for binding, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31206 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP search scope

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP search operation.

    Action: Please check the search scope that you use for search, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31207 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP search time value

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP search operation.

    Action: Please check the search time value that you use for search, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31208 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP Message

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP message that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31209 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - LDAP count_entry error

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP count_entry operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP count_operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31210 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - LDAP get_dn error

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP get_dn operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP get_dn, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31211 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP entry dn

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the entry dn that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31212 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP mod_array

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP mod_array that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31213 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP mod option

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP populate_mod_array operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP mod option that you use for LDAP populate_mod_array operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31214 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP mod type

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP populate_mod_array operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP mod type that you use for LDAP populate_mod_array operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31215 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP mod value

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP populate_mod_array operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP mod value that you use for LDAP populate_mod_array operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31216 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP rdn

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP rdn value that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31217 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP newparent

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP rename_s operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP newparent value that you use for LDAP rename_s operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31218 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP deleteoldrdn

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP rename_s operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP deleteoldrdn value that you use for LDAP rename_s operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31219 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP notypes

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP explode_dn or explode_rdn operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP notypes value that you use for LDAP explode_dn or explode_rdn operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31220 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP SSL wallet location

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP sslwrl value that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31221 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP SSL wallet passwd

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP sslpasswd value that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31222 DBMS_LDAP: PL/SQL - Invalid LDAP SSL authentication mode

    Cause: There has been an error in the DBMS_LDAP operation.

    Action: Please check the LDAP sslauth value that you use for LDAP operation, or report the error number and description to Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31398 DBMS_LDAP: Shared servers are not supported.

    Cause: The session executing functions from the DBMS_LDAP package is being handled by a shared server in the Database.

    Action: Use dedicated database sessions to execute functions in the DBMS_LDAP package.

ORA-31399 Cannot contact LDAP server string at port number

    Cause: The specified LDAP server could not be contacted. This can happen if the server is down or inaccessible.

    Action: Contact the administrator of the LDAP server.

ORA-31401 change source string is not an existing asynchronous change source

    Cause: The caller did not use the name of an existing asynchronous change source. The name given does not match the name of any existing asynchronous change source.

    Action: Check the spelling of the change source name. Choose an existing change source.

ORA-31402 unrecognized parameter string

    Cause: An unrecognized parameter was detected.

    Action: Check for too many parameters in the call.

ORA-31403 change table string already contains a column string

    Cause: Issued ALTER_CHANGE_TABLE with an add operation but a column with this name already exists in the specified table.

    Action: Check the names and call the procedure again.

ORA-31404 all input parameters are null

    Cause: All input parameters are null. At least one property must be altered.

    Action: Call the procedure again, making sure that all the required parameters have been specified. Ensure that at least one parameter is not null. Refer to the documentation for the correct method of calling this procedure.

ORA-31405 cannot make changes while change set string is advancing

    Cause: The change set is currently advancing. Change sources related to an advancing change set cannot be altered. Change tables related to the advancing change set cannot be created, altered, or dropped. Some or all of the parameters of the change set cannot be altered while the set is advancing.

    Action: Wait until the change set has finished advancing, then reissue the command. If altering the change set, only the advance_enable parameter can be altered during an advance.

ORA-31406 change source string is referenced by a change set

    Cause: The operation cannot complete because this change source is referenced by one or more change sets.

    Action: Drop the change sets first, then re-issue the command. May have to drop some change tables before the change sets are dropped.

ORA-31407 end_date must be greater than the begin_date

    Cause: The end data of the change set is earlier than the begin date. The end date must always be later in time than the begin date, so that the duration between the begin and end dates is a positive amount of time.

    Action: Change the begin date and/or the end date, so that the end date is later than the begin date.

ORA-31408 illegal value specified for begin_scn or end_scn

    Cause: The begin_scn is not greater than zero. The end_scn is less than zero. The end_scn is less than the begin_scn.

    Action: Check the values of both begin_scn and end_scn. Correct them to make sure that they form a legal SCN range. An end_scn value of zero indicates an infinite scn range.

ORA-31409 one or more values for input parameters are incorrect

    Cause: One or more of the inputs to the procedure had illegal values.

    Action: Identify the bad parameter(s) and supply correct values to the procedure.

ORA-31410 change set string is not an asynchronous change set

    Cause: Could not find an asynchronous change set by this name.

    Action: Check the spelling of the change set name. Call the procedure again, passing the correct change set name.

ORA-31411 change set string is referenced by a change table

    Cause: The operation cannot be performed because the change set contains one or more change tables.

    Action: You will need to drop the change table(s) first, then repeat the operation.

ORA-31412 change set string is disabled and cannot be advanced

    Cause: The specified change set is disabled. The change set needs to be enabled for the operation to succeed.

    Action: Determine why the change set is disabled and correct this condition. Alter the change set specifying 'y' for advance_enable then retry the operation.

ORA-31413 change set string is currently being advanced

    Cause: An advance operation is in progress for this change set when only one is allowed at a time.

    Action: Since the change set is currently being advanced, the best action is to wait for it to finish advancing. Only one caller at a time can advance the change set. Check for the cause of long running advance operations.

ORA-31414 error(s) occurred during change table advance

    Cause: One or more errors occurred during the advance operation.

    Action: Check the log file(s) for a more detailed report of the underlying errors.

ORA-31415 change set string does not exist

    Cause: The specified change set does not exist or the user does not have access to the publications in that change set. The specified name did not match the name of any existing change set. Certain privileges are required to access the publications within that change set.

    Action: Check the name and call the procedure again, with the name of an existing change set. Contact the publisher or database administrator if user privileges are required to access the publications in the change set.

ORA-31416 illegal SOURCE_COLMAP value

    Cause: Cannot specify a source_colmap value of 'y' for asynchronous.

    Action: Specify 'n' for the source_colmap option and call the procedure again.

ORA-31417 column list contains control column string

    Cause: Reserved column name was specified in a column list or column type parameter.

    Action: Control columns are selected with separate parameters. If you did not want a control column, then change the name of the specified column so that it does not conflict with a reserved column name.

ORA-31418 source schema string does not exist

    Cause: Tried to create a synchronous change table and the source schema did not match any existing schema names in the database.

    Action: Specify the name of an existing schema.

ORA-31419 source table string does not exist

    Cause: When creating a synchronous change table, the underlying source table must exist when the procedure is called. In this case, the source table did not exist.

    Action: Specify the name of an existing table.

ORA-31420 unable to submit the purge job

    Cause: When creating the first change table, a purge job is submitted to the job queue. Submission of this purge job failed.

    Action: Make sure that job queue processes are enabled and are currently running. If this does not solve the problem, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31421 change table does not exist

    Cause: The specified change table does not exist.

    Action: Recheck the name and call the procedure again using an existing change table.

ORA-31422 owner schema string does not exist

    Cause: The value specified for the owner parameter does not contain the name of an existing schema in the database.

    Action: Recheck the name and call the procedure again using an existing schema name.

ORA-31423 change table string does not contain column string

    Cause: Issued ALTER_CHANGE_TABLE with a drop operation and the specified column does not exist in the change table.

    Action: Recheck the names and call the procedure again.

ORA-31424 change table has active subscriptions

    Cause: The change table is subscribed to, so it cannot be dropped.

    Action: Do not drop a change table while there are active subscribers. If this is an emergency, use the FORCE parameter. This will forcibly drop the change table out from under all subscribers.

ORA-31425 subscription handle does not exist

    Cause: The subscription handle does not exist or does not belong to this user.

    Action: Call the function again with a valid subscription handle.

ORA-31426 cannot modify active subscriptions

    Cause: The subscription handle has been activated; additional calls to SUBSCRIBE are prohibited.

    Action: Subscribe to all the desired tables and columns before activating the subscription. Ensure that the correct subscription handle was specified.

ORA-31427 source table string already subscribed

    Cause: The subscription represented by the subscription handle already contains source_schema.source_table.

    Action: Check the values of the subscription_handle, source_schema, and source_table. Do not attempt to subscribe to the same table more than once using the same subscription handle.

ORA-31428 no publication contains all the specified columns

    Cause: One or more of the specified columns cannot be found in a single publication.

    Action: Change the subscription request to select only columns that are in the same publication. Consult the USER_PUBLISHED_COLUMNS view to see current publications.

ORA-31429 subscription handle has not been activated

    Cause: The called procedure requires an activated subscription.

    Action: Check the subscription handle and correct if necessary. Call the ACTIVATE_SUBSCRIPTION procedure for this subscription handle and then reissue the original command.

ORA-31430 change view exists

    Cause: The change view was not dropped prior to making this call.

    Action: Call the DROP_SUBSCRIBER_VIEW procedure and then retry the original command.

ORA-31431 all source tables must belong to the synchronous change set

    Cause: Not all of the source tables belong to the synchronous change set.

    Action: Check the spelling of the source tables. Make sure that all of the source tables belong to the synchronous change set.

ORA-31432 invalid source table

    Cause: The schema_name.source_table does not exist or does not belong to this subscription.

    Action: Check the spelling of the schema_name and source_table. Verify that the specified table exists in the specified schema and is subscribed to by the subscription handle.

ORA-31433 change view does not exist

    Cause: Specified an incorrect change view or the view is already dropped.

    Action: Recheck the name and specify the name of an existing change view.

ORA-31434 purge is currently running

    Cause: Called the PURGE procedure while a purge job was currently running.

    Action: Wait for purge to complete before reissuing this command.

ORA-31435 an error occurred during the purge operation

    Cause: An error occurred during the purge operation.

    Action: Check the logfile for a more detailed report of the underlying errors.

ORA-31436 duplicate change source string

    Cause: A change source by the specified name already exists.

    Action: Recreate the change source with a unique name.

ORA-31437 duplicate change set string

    Cause: A change set by the specified name already exists.

    Action: Recreate the change set with a unique name.

ORA-31438 duplicate change table string

    Cause: A change table by the specified name already exists.

    Action: Recreate the change table with a unique name.

ORA-31439 subscription is already active

    Cause: The subscription is already active.

    Action: Check name and retry.

ORA-31440 change set string is empty and cannot be advanced

    Cause: User attempted to advance a change set which does not contain any change tables. Without change tables, a change set cannot be advanced.

    Action: Create change tables in the change set, then retry the advance.

ORA-31441 table is not a change table

    Cause: User attempted to execute the DROP_CHANGE_TABLE procedure on a table that is not a CHANGE table. This can also occur when a CHANGE table object has been orphaned. CHANGE tables can become orphaned after a CREATE_CHANGE_TABLE failure or an incomplete DROP_CHANGE_TABLE.

    Action: Check spelling. If error was due to an incorrect name, then retry the procedure using the correct name. To drop a table that is not a CHANGE table, or an orphaned CHANGE table, use the DROP TABLE DDL command instead.

ORA-31442 operation timed out while acquiring lock on string

    Cause: CDC attempted to acquire a lock on the resource, but the operation timed out.

    Action: Retry the operation later.

ORA-31443 deadlock detected while acquiring lock on string

    Cause: CDC attempted to acquire a lock on the resource, but encountered a deadlock.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31444 parameter error while acquiring lock on string

    Cause: CDC attempted to acquire a lock on the resource, but encountered a problem passing parameters to the lock manager.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31445 invalid lock handle while acquiring lock on string

    Cause: CDC attempted to acquire a lock on the resource, but encountered an invalid lock handle, which did not correspond to any existing handle.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31447 cannot create change tables in the SYS schema

    Cause: Attempted to create a change table in the SYS schema. This is not allowed.

    Action: Use a different, existing schema and retry the command.

ORA-31448 illegal value for change_source

    Cause: The specified value is not a valid name for a Change Source.

    Action: Specify a valid name and retry the command.

ORA-31449 illegal value for set_name

    Cause: The specified value is not a valid name for a Change Set.

    Action: Specify a valid name and retry the command.

ORA-31450 illegal value for change_table_name

    Cause: The specified value is not a valid name for a Change Table.

    Action: Specify a valid name and retry the command.

ORA-31451 illegal value string for capture_values, expecting: OLD, NEW, or BOTH

    Cause: The specified value is not a valid option for a capture_values.

    Action: Specify a valid option and retry the command.

ORA-31452 illegal value string for parameter, expecting: Y or N

    Cause: The specified value is not Y or N.

    Action: Specify Y or N for the parameter and retry the command.

ORA-31453 illegal value string for parameter, expecting: Y, N, or NULL

    Cause: The specified value is not Y, N, or NULL.

    Action: Specify Y, N, or NULL for the parameter and retry the command.

ORA-31454 illegal value string for operation parameter, expecting: ADD or DROP

    Cause: The specified value is not ADD or DROP.

    Action: Specify ADD or DROP and retry the command.

ORA-31455 nothing to ALTER

    Cause: The specified column list is NULL and all optional control columns are 'N'.

    Action: Specify one or more columns to ALTER.

ORA-31456 error executing a procedure in the DBMS_CDC_UTILITY package

    Cause: An internal attempt to invoke a procedure within the DBMS_CDC_UTILITY package failed.

    Action: Check the trace logs for more information. Ensure that the package has been installed successfully. Try issuing a DESCRIBE command from SQL on the package. If it fails, then try reinstalling the package. If it succeeds, try invoking one of the procedures from SQL.

ORA-31457 maximum length of description field exceeded

    Cause: The maximum number of characters permitted in the description field was exceeded.

    Action: The maximum length of the description field is 30 characters. Ensure the length does not exceed this value and retry the command.

ORA-31459 system triggers for DBMS_CDC_PUBLISH package are not installed

    Cause: One or more required system triggers are not installed. These triggers are required for the proper operation of Change Data Capture. Operations on Change tables cannot continue.

    Action: Install or reenable the triggers, or reinstall the package.

ORA-31460 logfile location string is not an existing directory

    Cause: The directory specification for logfile location for the change source, does not correspond with an existing directory, or the directory was not accessible.

    Action: Create the directory if it does not exist. If the directory does exist, change the file system permissions so the directory can be accessed. Alternatively, perform ALTER CHANGE SOURCE and change the logfile_location to be an existing directory that contains the logfiles.

ORA-31461 logfile location string contains no files that match pattern string

    Cause: The directory specification for logfile location for the change source, does not contain any files whose names pattern-match the logfile_suffix.

    Action: Make sure that the logfile location contains logfiles whose names match the logfile_suffix pattern for the change set. Alternatively, perform ALTER CHANGE SOURCE and change the logfile_suffix such that it matches the names of existing logfiles in the directory.

ORA-31462 internal error while accessing metadata

    Cause: An unexpected internal error occurred while CDC was accessing its internal Metadata.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31463 logfile location string is an empty directory

    Cause: The directory specification for logfile location for the change source, is an empty directory.

    Action: Make sure it is the correct location of the logfiles. If it is, make sure the directory contains logfiles. Alternatively, perform ALTER CHANGE SOURCE and change the logfile_location to be an existing directory that contains the logfiles.

ORA-31464 target table for the change table no longer exists

    Cause: User tried to drop a change table but its underlying storage table (that contains the change data) has been dropped.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31465 cannot obtain a lock on the subscription handle

    Cause: A timeout occurred while trying to place a lock on the subscription handle. Another session has already aquired the lock on the subscription handle.

    Action: Ensure the subscription handle is correct and correct it if necessary. If it was correct, retry the operation after the session holding the lock has released it.

ORA-31466 no publications found

    Cause: Did not find any publications that matched the input parameters or the user does not have the privileges to access the specified publication.

    Action: Check the input parameters on the call to SUBSCRIBE. Validate that the proposed source table has been published by checking the USER_PUBLICATIONS view for that source table. Contact the publisher if user privileges are required to access the publication. Retry the command with correct security or publication information.

ORA-31467 no column found in the source table

    Cause: The OBJECT_ID flag was set to 'Y' on the call to CREATE_CHANGE_TABLE and change table belongs to the synchronous change set. The corresponding object column was not detected in the source table.

    Action: Create the change table with the OBJECT_ID flag set to 'N' or investigate why the object column is not in the source table and add it to the source table.

ORA-31470 asynchronous change tables must contain the RSID$ column

    Cause: If creating an asynchronous change table, the RSID was set to 'N'. If altering an asynchronous change table with an operation parameter of 'DROP' RSID was set to 'Y'.

    Action: When creating asynchronous change tables, always specify 'Y' for the RSID parameter. When altering asynchronous change tables, always specify 'N' for RSID.

ORA-31471 illegal OBJECT_ID value

    Cause: Cannot specify an object_id value of 'y' for asynchronous change tables.

    Action: Specify 'n' for the object_id option and call the procedure again.

ORA-31472 Importing Change Data Capture version string.string is too new

    Cause: An attempt was made to Import a file that was exported by a newer version of Oracle than the target instance.

    Action: If possible, re-export the file using a version of export that matches the import target. Objects can not be imported into previous versions of Oracle that did not support them.

ORA-31475 redo log catalog contains no metadata for the source table

    Cause: While advancing a change set, a CDC attempted to query the LogMiner dictionary system tables to obtain the columns from the source table. The query returned no rows. This may be because none of the redo logs contains a catalog, or it may be an internal error.

    Action: First, verify that the source system contains the source table. execute dbms_logmnr_d.build procedure to populate the redos log with logminer dictionary information. If this has been done and the problem persists, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-31476 a change table data column is missing from the source table

    Cause: While advancing a change set, a CDC determined that at least one of the data columns in a change table does not match the name of any of the columns in the source table. The source table column list is stored in dictionary table SYSTEM.LOGMNR_OBJ$.

    Action: Make sure that all of the data columns of the change table have the same names as the corresponding columns in the source table, and that all the columns exist in the source table.

ORA-31495 error in synchronous change table on "string"."string"

    Cause: There was an error originating from this synchronous change table. One possible cause is that schema redefinition has occurred on the source table and one or more columns in the change table are now a different type than the corresponding source columns. Another possible cause is that there is a problem accessing the synchronous change table.

    Action: Check further error messages in the stack for more detail about the cause. If there has been schema redefinition, drop and recreate the synchronous change table.

ORA-31496 must use DBMS_CDC_PUBLISH.DROP_CHANGE_TABLE to drop change tables

    Cause: An attempt was made to use the SQL command DROP TABLE for change tables, but DROP TABLE is not supported for change tables.

    Action: Use the DBMS_CDC_PUBLISH.DROP_CHANGE_TABLE procedure instead of the DROP TABLE command.

ORA-31600 invalid input value string for parameter string in function string

    Cause: A NULL or invalid value was supplied for the parameter.

    Action: Correct the input value and try the call again.

ORA-31601 Function string cannot be called now that fetch has begun

    Cause: The function was called after the first call to FETCH_xxx.

    Action: Correct the program.

ORA-31602 parameter string value "string" in function string inconsistent with string

    Cause: The parameter value is inconsistent with another value specified by the program. It may be inconsistent with the object type associated with the OPEN context, or it may be of the wrong datatype (a boolean rather than a text string or vice versa).

    Action: Correct the program.

ORA-31603 object "string" of type string not found in schema "string"

    Cause: The specified object was not found in the database.

    Action: Correct the object specification and try the call again.

ORA-31604 invalid string parameter "string" for object type string in function string

    Cause: The specified parameter value is not valid for this object type.

    Action: Correct the parameter and try the call again.

ORA-31605 the following was returned from string in routine string: LPX-number: string

    Cause: An LPX routine (XML/XSL processing) returned an internal error number to its PL/SQL wrapper routine in facility KUX which provides the implementation for package UTL_XML.

    Action: Look up the LPX error number and follow its corrective action.

ORA-31606 XML context number does not match any previously allocated context

    Cause: A method in package UTL_XML was called with an invalid XML context handle. All handles must have previously been allocated by UTL_XML.XMLINIT.

    Action: Always call XMLINIT before any other methods in pkg. UTL_XML.

ORA-31607 Function string is inconsistent with transform.

    Cause: Either FETCH_XML was called when the "DDL" transform was specified or FETCH_DDL was called when the "DDL" transform was omitted.

    Action: Correct the program.

ORA-31608 specified object of type string not found

    Cause: The specified object was not found in the database.

    Action: Correct the object specification and try the call again.

ORA-31609 error loading file "string" from file system directory "string"

    Cause: The installation script initmeta.sql failed to load the named file from the file system directory into the database.

    Action: Examine the directory and see if the file is present and can be read.

ORA-32001 write to SPFILE requested but no SPFILE specified at startup

    Cause: An alter system command or an internal self tuning mechanism requested a write to the SPFILE but no SPFILE was used to startup the instance.

    Action: Create an SPFILE and re-start the instance using the SPFILE.

ORA-32002 cannot create SPFILE already being used by the instance

    Cause: A create spfile command is trying to write to an SPFILE that was used to startup the instance.

    Action: Specify a different SPFILE name.

ORA-32004 obsolete and/or deprecated parameter(s) specified

    Cause: One or more obsolete parameters were specified in the SPFILE or the PFILE on the server side.

    Action: See alert log for a list of parameters that are obsolete or deprecated. Remove them from the SPFILE or the server side PFILE.

ORA-32005 error while parsing size specification [string]

    Cause: The value specified for an alter operation on a size parameter is not valid.

    Action: Correct the value and retry the operation.

ORA-32006 string initialization parameter has been deprecated

    Cause: A deprecated parameter was specified at startup.

    Action: Consult Oracle documentation to find new parameters to use instead.

ORA-32008 error while processing parameter update at instance string

    Cause: An error occurred while processing a parameter on a remote instance.

    Action: See accompanying error messages.

ORA-32009 cannot reset the memory value for instance string from instance string

    Cause: Memory resets of local parameters are only allowed.

    Action: Retry the query for the local instance if needed.

ORA-32010 cannot find entry to delete in SPFILE

    Cause: The SPFILE did not contain the sid.parameter entry.

    Action: Change the sid and/or the parameter.

ORA-32011 cannot restore SPFILE to location already being used by the instance

    Cause: A restore operation trying to write to an SPFILE that was used to startup the instance.

    Action: Specify a different SPFILE name.

ORA-32012 failure in processing system parameters from restored SPFILE

    Cause: Failure during processing of parameters from restored SPFILE.

    Action: Further diagnostic information should be in the error stack.

ORA-32013 failure in verifying parameters from the restored SPFILE

    Cause: Failure during processing of parameters from restored SPFILE. It could be that the restored image of the SPFILE is corrupted.

    Action: Further diagnostic information should be in the error stack.

ORA-32014 error processing parameter "string" from the SPFILE restore image

    Cause: Failure during processing of parameters from restored SPFILE. It could be that the restored image of the SPFILE is corrupted.

    Action: Further diagnostic information should be in the error stack.

ORA-32015 unable to restore SPFILE

    Cause: Failure during SPFILE restore. It could be that the restore destination is not valid.

    Action: Further diagnostic information should be in the error stack.

ORA-32016 parameter "string" cannot be updated in SPFILE

    Cause: The database is mounted.

    Action: Unmount the database to update the parameter in the SPFILE.

ORA-32017 failure in updating SPFILE

    Cause: A failure occurred while updating the SPFILE.

    Action: See associated errors.

ORA-32031 illegal reference of a query name in WITH clause

    Cause: Forward or recursive reference of a query name in WITH clause is not allowed.

    Action: Correct the query statement and retry.

ORA-32032 free temporary object number not available

    Cause: Too many queries using temp table transformation are currently being run to use up all temporay object numbers.

    Action: Turn off temporary table transformation or wait, then retry.

ORA-32033 unsupported column aliasing

    Cause: Column aliasing in WITH clause is not supported.

    Action: Specify aliasing in definition subquery and retry.

ORA-32034 unsupported use of WITH clause

    Cause: Improper use of WITH clause due to one of the following:

       1. Nesting of WITH clause within WITH clause not supported.
       2. For a set query, WITH clause can't be specified for a branch.
       3. WITH clause cantbespecifiedwithinparentheses.'

    Action: correct the query and retry.

ORA-32035 unreferenced query name defined in WITH clause

    Cause: There is at least one WITH clause query name that is not referenced in any place.

    Action: remove the unreferenced query name and retry.

ORA-32036 unsupported case for inlining of query name in WITH clause

    Cause: There is at least one query name which is inlined more than once because its definition query is too simple and references another query name. This is not currently supported.

    Action: remove such a query name and retry.

ORA-32037 unsupported use of LEVEL in membership condition

    Cause: An attempt was made to use LEVEL in membership condition with subquery that is not supported.

    Action: Rewrite query to avoid using LEVEL in membership condition.

ORA-32050 string operation failed

    Cause: A mapping operation failed.

    Action: Check FMON trace files for errors.

ORA-32051 mapping service not available

    Cause: The mapping service was never started or previously failed to start properly.

    Action: Set FILE_MAPPING to true if it is not currently set. Otherwise, check FMON trace files for an ORA-32052 error.

ORA-32052 failed to start mapping service

    Cause: The mapping service failed to start properly.

    Action: Check FMON trace files for errors.

ORA-32053 operation not supported

    Cause: Mapping libraries do not support this operation.

    Action: Check whether mapping libraries are available and whether the operation is supported by the libraries.

ORA-32054 lost communication with FMPUTL process

    Cause: Lost communication with mapping utility.

    Action: Check FMON and FMPUTL trace files for errors.

ORA-32055 invalid file type

    Cause: Invalid file type used when mapping files.

    Action: Specify one of the expected file types.

ORA-32056 invalid number of extents

    Cause: Invalid number of extents were used for a map operation.

    Action: Specify a non-negative number of extents.

ORA-32057 invalid lock mode

    Cause: An invalid mode was used for a lock operation.

    Action: Specify one of the expected lock modes.

ORA-32058 operation restricted to SYSDBA users

    Cause: This operation requires SYSDBA priviliges.

    Action: Connect to the database as a user with SYSDBA privileges.

ORA-32059 deadlock detected on mapping structures

    Cause: Mapping structures are already locked by the same session.

    Action: Unlock mapping structures before proceeding with the current operation.

ORA-32060 channel failure

    Cause: Channel failure between foreground and background process.

    Action: Check foreground trace files for errors.

ORA-32100 operation invalid on transient object

    Cause: Trying to perform an operation on transient object which is valid only on persistent objects.

    Action: Make sure object is persistent.

ORA-32101 cannot create OCI Environment

    Cause: An OCI Environment could not be created for OCCI.

    Action: Ensure that the parameters to the creatEnvironment method are valid.

ORA-32105 invalid connection passed to the migrate method

    Cause: An invalid Connection was passed to the Session::migrate method.

    Action: Pass a valid Connection to the migrate method.

ORA-32106 array fetch not allowed without setBuffer on all columns

    Cause: The setBuffer method was not called for all column positions and the next method was called to fetch more than one row.

    Action: Call the setBuffer method for all column positions if next is to be called to fetch more than one row.

ORA-32107 internal OCI memory allocation failure

    Cause: Memory could not be allocated from an OCI heap.

    Action: Increase the process memory size.

ORA-32108 max column or parameter size not specified

    Cause: The max column or parameter size is not specified.

    Action: Specify the max size by setMaxColumnSize or setMaxParamSize.

ORA-32109 invalid column or parameter position

    Cause: An invalid column or parameter position was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid column or position number.

ORA-32110 Connection not specified

    Cause: A null connection was passed.

    Action: Pass a valid, non-null connection.

ORA-32111 The size of the vector does not match the size of the VARRAY

    Cause: The number of elements in the vector passed to the setVector method was not equal to the size of the VARRAY.

    Action: Pass a vector of size equal to the size of the VARRAY.

ORA-32112 Call not applicable until an attribute has been fetched

    Cause: An attribute was fetched after a call to wasLastAttrNull().

    Action: Fetch an attribute value before making this call.

ORA-32113 Null object passed

    Cause: A Null object was passed.

    Action: Pass a non-null object.

ORA-32114 Cannot perform operation on a null LOB

    Cause: The LOB instance on which the operation was attempted was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null LOB instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32115 LOBs do not belong to any connection

    Cause: Neither of the LOBs being compared had associated connection information.

    Action: At least one of the LOBs being compared must be associated with a valid connection.

ORA-32116 Buffer size is less than amount specified

    Cause: The buffer size specified for the LOB read or write operation was less than the amount to be read or written.

    Action: The buffer size must be equal to or greater than than the amount to be read from or written to the LOB.

ORA-32117 Source LOB is null

    Cause: The source LOB instance on which the operation was attempted was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null source LOB instance for this operation.

ORA-32118 Cannot perform operation on a null FILE

    Cause: The FILE instance on which the operation was attempted was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null FILE instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32119 FILEs do not belong to any connection

    Cause: Neither of the FILEs being compared had associated connection information.

    Action: At least one of the FILEs being compared must be associated with a valid connection.

ORA-32120 Buffer size is less than amount specified

    Cause: The buffer size specified for the FILE read or write operation was less than the amount to be read or written.

    Action: The buffer size must be equal to or greater than than the amount to be read from or written to the FILE.

ORA-32121 Source FILE is null

    Cause: The source FILE instance on which the operation was attempted was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null source FILE instance for this operation.

ORA-32122 Statement invalidated, cannot get metadata

    Cause: An attempt was made to get metadata for a terminated statement.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-32123 Attribute number is out of range

    Cause: The attribute number passed is greater than the total number of attributes of the described object.

    Action: Pass the attribute number within the allowable range.

ORA-32124 Illegal attribute passed

    Cause: The attribute passed is not applicable for the described object.

    Action: Pass a valid attribute.

ORA-32125 Attribute type is not appropriate

    Cause: The return type of the get method does not match the type of the attribute being passed.

    Action: Call the appropriate get method.

ORA-32126 Cannot perform operations on a null REF

    Cause: The REF instance on which the operation was attempted was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null REF instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32127 REFs do not belong to any connection

    Cause: Neither of the REFs being compared had associated connection information.

    Action: At least one of the REFs being compared must be associated with a valid connection.

ORA-32128 setDataBuffer called after fetch has started

    Cause: Fetch from result set has already started and the setDataBuffer call was made.

    Action: Call the setDataBuffer method before calling the next() method.

ORA-32129 cannot get information about this column

    Cause: The setDataBuffer method was called to get information about this column. Therefore, the current method cannot be called.

    Action: Use the information from the buffers specified in the setDataBuffer call.

ORA-32130 invalid offset/index referenced in Bytes

    Cause: The offset/index is out of range of valid data locations in Bytes offsets.

    Action: Ensure that offsets or index is within the range of Bytes object.

ORA-32131 bind data type cannot be changed

    Cause: The setXXX method is called again with a different data type than originally specified, or the setXXX method is called for a subsequent iteration without being called before the first iteration.

    Action: Call the setXXX method with the same data type as done before the first iteration. If no setXXX method was called for this parameter, position the first iteration and make sure that a setXXX method is called before the first addIteration method is called.

ORA-32132 maximum iterations cannot be changed

    Cause: The setMaxIterations was called after a setXXX method has been called.

    Action: Call the setMaxIterations method before calling any setXXX methods.

ORA-32133 Cannot get stream from LOB/FILE

    Cause: An open stream exists on the LOB/FILE on which the operation was attempted.

    Action: Close the stream before getting another.

ORA-32134 Cannot assign LOBs

    Cause: An open stream exists on the target LOB.

    Action: Close the stream on the target LOB before assigning the LOBs.

ORA-32135 Cannot assign FILEs

    Cause: An open stream exists on the target FILE.

    Action: Close the stream on the target FILE before assigning the FILEs.

ORA-32136 Cannot perform operation on an invalid stream

    Cause: The LOB/FILE from which the stream was obtained had been nullified or destroyed.

    Action: Use a valid stream.

ORA-32137 Cannot perform read/write operation on stream

    Cause: The readBuffer() or the writeBuffer() method was called on a UTF16 character set stream.

    Action: Use the readUBuffer() or the writeUBuffer() method.

ORA-32138 Cannot perform read/write operation on stream

    Cause: The readUBuffer() or the writeUBuffer() method was called on a non-UTF16 character set stream.

    Action: Use the readBuffer() or the writeBuffer() method.

ORA-32139 Cannot write to the stream

    Cause: A write was performed after the last buffer was written.

    Action: Close this stream and get a new stream to perform the write.

ORA-32140 cannot perform this operation on stream

    Cause: Either a read is attempted from a stream in write mode, or a write is attempted on a stream in read mode.

    Action: Check the status of the stream to find out the valid operations that can be performed.

ORA-32141 get method does not match the type of the parameter

    Cause: The getXXX method called on the Statement object does not match the type of the bind parameter.

    Action: Call the getXXX method that is the same as the type of the parameter.

ORA-32142 maximum number of iterations exceeded

    Cause: The addIteration exceeds the maximum number of iterations set by the setMaxIterations method.

    Action: Increase the maximum number of allowed iterations.

ORA-32143 Environment not specified

    Cause: A null environment was passed.

    Action: Pass a valid, non-null environment.

ORA-32144 Cannot perform operation on a null interval

    Cause: The interval involved in this operation is null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null interval instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32145 Environment not specified

    Cause: The interval on which the operation was attempted was null and no environment was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-null environment or perform the operation on a non null instance.

ORA-32146 Cannot perform operation on a null date

    Cause: The date involved in this operation is null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null date instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32147 Environment not specified

    Cause: The date on which the operation was attempted was null and no environment was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-null environment or perform the operation on a non null instance.

ORA-32148 Cannot perform operation on a null time

    Cause: The time involved in this operation is null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null time instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32149 Environment not specified

    Cause: The time on which the operation was attempted was null and no environment was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-null environment or perform the operation on a non null instance.

ORA-32150 Cannot perform operation on a null timestamp

    Cause: The timestamp involved in this operation is null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null timestamp instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32151 Environment not specified

    Cause: The timestamp on which the operation was attempted was null and no environment was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-null environment or perform the operation on a non null instance.

ORA-32152 Cannot perform operation on a null number

    Cause: The number involved in this operation was null.

    Action: Use a valid, non-null number instance to perform this operation.

ORA-32153 Environment not specified

    Cause: The number on which the operation was attempted was null and no environment was specified.

    Action: Specify a non-null environment or perform the operation on a non null instance.

ORA-32154 Anydata context not specified

    Cause: A null anydata context was passed.

    Action: Pass a valid, non-null anydata context.

ORA-32155 Anydata not specified

    Cause: A null anydata was passed.

    Action: Pass a valid, non-null anydata.

ORA-32156 Cannot perform operation on stream

    Cause: This operation is not applicable to streams obtained from LOBs.

ORA-32158 Invalid type passed

    Cause: An inapplicable type was passed to this call.

    Action: Pass an applicable type.

ORA-32159 Cannot set prefetch options for a null Type

    Cause: A null Type name was passed.

    Action: Pass an non-null Type name.

ORA-32160 Argument out of range

    Cause: A zero or negative value was passed.

    Action: Pass a positive value.

ORA-32161 Cannot perform piecewise fetch

    Cause: Zero amount was passed and buffer size was less than LOB size.

    Action: Specify a larger buffer or use Stream.

ORA-32162 Read/Write SQL method not registered

    Cause: readSQL/writeSQL method was NULL or was not registered.

    Action: Register readSQL/writeSQL by calling put method in Map.

ORA-32300 cannot drop a secondary materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to drop a materialized view of a nested table column's storage table.

    Action: Drop the materialized view that contains the nested table column. This will implicitly drop all materialized views.

ORA-32301 object-relational materialized views must be primary key based

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object-relational materialized view that is not primary key based.

    Action: Create the materialized view with the PRIMARY KEY keyword.

ORA-32302 object materialized views must be object ID based

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object materialized view that is not object ID based.

    Action: Create the materialized view using the OF clause but omit any ROWID or PRIMARY KEY clauses.

ORA-32303 mviews with user-defined types cannot reference multiple master sites

    Cause: For materialized views with user-defined types, the definition query cannot reference tables from different master sites.

    Action: Do not create materialized views with user-defined types referencing multiple master sites.

ORA-32304 materialized views with user-defined types cannot use prebuilt table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view with the ON PREBUILT TABLE option.

    Action: Do not create the materialized view with the ON PREBUILT TABLE option.

ORA-32305 RepAPI materialized views with user-defined types are not supported

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a RepAPI materialized view with user-defined types.

    Action: Do not create a RepAPI materialized view with user-defined types.

ORA-32306 updatable materialized views with user-defined types must use SELECT *

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an updatable materialized view with user-defined types where the definition query did not use SELECT * at the topmost level.

    Action: Rewrite the definition query so that SELECT * is used at the topmost level.

ORA-32307 must use FROM ONLY clause when referencing an object table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a materialized view whose definition query references object tables without the FROM ONLY clause.

    Action: Rewrite the definition query to use the FROM ONLY clause for all the object tables in the query.

ORA-32308 object materialized views must use SELECT *

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object materialized view where the definition query did not use SELECT * at the topmost level.

    Action: Rewrite the definition query so that SELECT * is used at the topmost level.

ORA-32309 object mview type "string"."string" does not match the master table type

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object materialized view whose type does not match the type of the master object table.

    Action: Redefine the type so that it matches the type of the master object table.

ORA-32310 object materialized views must select from an object table

    Cause: An attempt was made to create an object materialized view whose definition query did not select from an object table.

    Action: Rewrite the definition query to select from an object table.

ORA-32311 materialized view definition query selects an unsupported user-defined type

    Cause: An attempt was made in the definition query to select an embedded user-defined type function, returning a user-defined type, or a function whose arguments are user-defined types.

    Action: Rewrite the definition query to exclude these unsupported user-defined types.

ORA-32312 cannot refresh a secondary materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: An attempt was made to refresh a materialized view of a nested table column's storage table.

    Action: Refresh the materialized view that contains the nested table column. This will implicitly refresh all secondary materialized views.

ORA-32313 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after PMOPs

    Cause: A Partition Maintenance Operation (PMOP) has been performed on a detail table, and the specified materialized view does not support fast refersh after PMOPs.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. You can determine why your materialized view does not support fast refresh after PMOPs using the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API.

ORA-32314 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after deletes/updates

    Cause: One or more deletions or updates has been performed on one or more of the detail tables referenced by the specified materialized view. This materialized view does not support fast refresh after deletions or updates.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. You can determine why your materialized view does not support fast refresh after deletions or updates using the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API.

ORA-32315 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after mixed DML and Direct Load

    Cause: One or more of the materialized view logs on the detail tables referenced by the specified materialized view omits the sequence number option. Such a log cannot be used to refresh a materialized view after deletions or updates and direct path insert.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. You can use the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API to determine which materialized view logs omit the sequence number option.

ORA-32316 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after mixed DML

    Cause: One or more of the materialized view logs on the detail tables referenced by the specified materialized view omits the sequence number option. Such a log cannot be used to refresh a materialized view after deletions or updates have been performed on multiple detail tables.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. You can use the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API to determine which materialized view logs omit the sequence number option.

ORA-32317 cannot run a job from a job

    Cause: An attempt was made to execute a job from within another job.

    Action: Do not submit jobs that run other jobs.

ORA-32318 cannot rename a materialized view

    Cause: Renaming a materialized view or its base table is not supported.

    Action: Do not rename the base table of a materialized view.

ORA-32319 Cannot use direct loader log to FAST REFRESH materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: The direct loader log might have been dropped.

    Action: Need to perform a complete refresh.

ORA-32320 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after container table PMOPs

    Cause: A Partition Maintenance Operation (PMOP) has been performed on the materialized view, and no materialized view supports fast refersh after container table PMOPs.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. Note: you can determine why your materialized view does not support fast refresh after PMOPs using the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API.

ORA-32321 REFRESH FAST of "string"."string" unsupported after detail table TRUNCATE

    Cause: A detail table has been truncated and no materialized view supports fast refersh after a detail table has been truncated.

    Action: Use REFRESH COMPLETE. Note: you can determine why your materialized view does not support fast refresh after TRUNCATE using the DBMS_MVIEW.EXPLAIN_MVIEW() API.

ORA-32330 invalid operation on online redefinition interim table "string"."string"

    Cause: An invalid operation was performed on an interim table which was being used for online redefinition of a table.

    Action: Do not perform any unsupported operation on the interim table.

ORA-32331 type "string"."string" is incompatible with the master site

    Cause: A type used by the materialized view was found to be incompatible with it's coressponding type on the master site. This could be because the type does not exist on the master site or has been evolved to a different version from that on the materialized view site.

    Action: Make sure that the types used by the materialized view are the same on both the materialized view and master sites.

ORA-32332 cannot refresh materialized view "string"."string" as type evolution has occurred

    Cause: The types used by the materialized view or its master tables have been evolved.

    Action: Ensure that the types used by the materialized view have been evolved to the same version at both the master and materialized sites. Before refreshing the materialized view, evolve the materialized view using ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW.

ORA-32333 disable table scn update for Materialized view

    Cause: An event is set for disabling table scn update to prevent deadlock situation.

    Action: Disable null refresh and/or base table scn update for Materialized view.

ORA-32334 cannot create prebuilt materialized view on a table already referenced by a materialized view

    Cause: The table on which the materialized view is created as prebuilt is already referenced by a materialized view.

    Action: Create the materialized view on a different table.

ORA-32335 dimension must have at least one level

    Cause: A level-less dimension is not allowed.

    Action: Do not drop the only level of a dimension.

ORA-32336 cannot use USING NO INDEX to create materialized view "string"."string"

    Cause: The USING NO INDEX option was specified to create an updatable primary key based materialized view, an index-organized materialized view, or an object-id materialized view.

    Action: Do not use the USING NO INDEX option to create an updatable primary key based materialized view, an index-organized materialized view, or an object-id materialized view.

ORA-32337 cannot alter materialized view with pending changes refresh on commit

    Cause: There are some pending changes in the detail tables.

    Action: Execute an on-demand refresh on the materialized view to synchronize the data between the materialized view and the detail tables and then issue an ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW statement.

ORA-32400 cannot use object id columns from materialized view log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log either does not have object id columns logged, or the timestamp associated with the object id columns is more recent than the last refresh time.

    Action: A complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh. Add object id columns to the materialized view log, if required.

ORA-32401 materialized view log on "string"."string" does not have new values

    Cause: The materialized view log on the indicated table does not have new values information.

    Action: Add new values to the materialized view log using the ALTER MATERIALIZED VIEW LOG command.

ORA-32403 cannot use new values from mv log on "string"."string"

    Cause: The materialized view log either does not have new values logged, or the timestamp associated with the new values columns is more recent than the last refresh time.

    Action: Perform a complete refresh is required before the next fast refresh.

ORA-32404 snapshot log uses Change Data Capture which is not enabled for this database

    Cause: A snapshot log that utilizes Change Data Capture is being imported to a database where Change Data Capture has not been enabled.

    Action: First enable Change Data Capture on the database then retry the import.

ORA-32500 Dirname 'string' cannot exceed 'number' characters

    Cause: Path name too long.

    Action: Use shorter pathname than maximum specified for dirname.

ORA-32501 Writing SGA to file failed

    Cause: Underlying OSDs encountered an error.

    Action: Check additional information. slercerrno contains errno.

ORA-32502 Cannot execute command. Flash Freeze is not in effect

    Cause: This command can only be issued after a flash freeze.

    Action: Refer to instructions for flash freeze and Oracle diagnostics.

ORA-32503 Mapping SGA from file failed

    Cause: Underlying OSDs encountered an error.

    Action: Check additional information. slercerrno contains errno.

ORA-32504 expecting one of string, string, string, or string but found string

    Cause: An illegal value was specified for create watchpoint mode.

    Action: Specify one of the expected modes.

ORA-32505 too many watchpoints

    Cause: Too many watchpoints created.

    Action: Increase appropriate initialization parameters.

ORA-32506 expecting one of string, string, or string but found string

    Cause: Invalid arguments were provided.

    Action: Provide one of the expected arguments.

ORA-32507 expecting string but found string

    Cause: Invalid arguments to the command were provided.

    Action: Provide one of the expected arguments.

ORA-32508 no such watchpoint id

    Cause: Invalid watchpoint ID.

    Action: Use oradebug show to list valid watchpoint IDs.

ORA-32509 watchpoint was already deleted

    Cause: An attempt was made to delete an already deleted watchpoint.

    Action: Use oradebug show to list valid watchpoint IDs.

ORA-32510 cannot create watchpoint on unreadable memory

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a watchpoint on an invalid address.

    Action: Provide a different valid address.

ORA-32511 cannot create watchpoint in memory needed by watchpointing code

    Cause: Overlap exists between requested memory range to watch and internal memory structures that watchpointing operations need.

    Action: Provide a different address range.

ORA-32550 Replacement occurred despite hint to the contrary

    Cause: This is an internal error.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-32575 Explicit column default is not supported for modifying views

    Cause: Default keyword was used to modify views.

    Action: Use implicit default - omitting column-value pair.

ORA-32576 missing TYPE keyword

    Cause: keyword TYPE is missing.

    Action: Use TYPE keyword.

ORA-32577 username must be SYS or SYSTEM

    Cause: A user name of SYS or SYSTEM was not specified when providing a password in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Only passwords for the SYS and SYSTEM users can be provided in the CREATE DATABASE statement. Re-issue the statement with passwords for users SYS or SYSTEM.

ORA-32578 password for SYS already specified

    Cause: A password for the SYS user was specified twice in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Re-issue the CREATE DATABASE statement with only one password for the SYS user.

ORA-32579 password for SYSTEM already specified

    Cause: A password for the SYSTEM user was specified twice in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Re-issue the CREATE DATABASE statement with only one password for the SYSTEM user.

ORA-32580 both SYS and SYSTEM passwords must be provided

    Cause: Passwords for both the SYS and SYSTEM users were not provided in the CREATE DATABASE statement. If one of the passwords was provided, then both should be provided.

    Action: Re-issue the CREATE DATABASE statement with a password for both the SYS and SYSTEM users.

ORA-32581 missing or invalid password

    Cause: An incorrect password was provided for the SYS or SYSTEM users in the CREATE DATABASE statement.

    Action: Re-issue the CREATE DATABASE statement with a valid password.

ORA-32582 table function with left correlation to a table cannot also be left outer-joined to the table

    Cause: A table function T2 contains a reference to a table T1. Table function T2 is also left outer-joined to T1. This is not allowed.

    Action: Remove the reference to T1 from T2 or remove the left outer-join specification.

ORA-32600 RETENTION and PCTVERSION cannot be used together

    Cause: cannot use both RETENTION and PCTVERSION together.

    Action: Use either RETENTION or PCTVERSION.

ORA-32601 value for retention cannot be provided

    Cause: cannot give a value for Retention Period.

    Action: do not provide the value for parameter.

ORA-32602 FREEPOOLS and FREELIST GROUPS cannot be used together

    Cause: cannot use both FREEPOOLS and FREELIST GROUPS together.

    Action: Use either FREEPOOLS or FREELIST GROUPS.

ORA-32603 invalid FREEPOOLS LOB storage option value

    Cause: The specified FREEPOOLS LOB storage option value must be an integer.

    Action: Choose an appropriate integer value and retry the operation.

ORA-32604 invalid REBUILD option

    Cause: Keyword FREEPOOLS expected after the REBUILD keyword.

    Action: User must specify FREEPOOLS keyword.

ORA-32605 invalid REBUILD option

    Cause: Cannot rebuild freepools while creating table with lob column.

    Action: User must not specify REBUILD ... in this context.

ORA-32700 error occurred in DIAG Group Service

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred while performing a DIAG Group Service operation.

    Action: Verify that the DIAG process is still active. Also, check the Oracle DIAG trace files for errors.

ORA-32730 Command cannot be executed on remote instance

    Cause: DIAG is not registered with DIAG Group Service.

    Action: Issue the command without the cluster database syntax.

ORA-32731 Another Parallel Oradebug session is in progress

    Cause: Another session for Parallel Oradebug is in progress with the database.

    Action: Issue the command later when the current session has finished.

ORA-32732 Parallel Oradebug session is aborted

    Cause: Group reconfiguration is occurring among DIAGs.

    Action: Issue the command later when group reconfiguration completes.

ORA-32733 Error occurred when executing Parallel Oradebug

    Cause: Error is encountered during executing command at local node.

    Action: Check alert log and DIAG trace file for error detail.

ORA-32734 Error occurred when sending Oradebug command to remote DIAGs

    Cause: IPC communication problem encountered.

    Action: Check IPC communication between DIAGs and issue the command again at a later time.

ORA-32735 DIAG process is not running in the instance

    Cause: DIAG process is not alive.

    Action: Check error in DIAG trace file and issue the command again when DIAG is restarted.

ORA-32736 Hang analysis aborted due to wrong message type

    Cause: DIAG received wrong message.

    Action: Check DIAG trace files for errors.

ORA-32737 Hang analysis aborted due to failed memory allocation

    Cause: DIAG couldn't allocate buffer for remote copy.

    Action: Check DIAG trace files for errors.

ORA-32738 Hang analysis aborted due to failed memory copy

    Cause: DIAG couldn't copy buffer to remote node.

    Action: Check DIAG trace files for errors.

ORA-32739 Hang analysis aborted due to failed heap re-grow

    Cause: DIAG couldn't re-grow the heap for wait-for-graphs.

    Action: Check DIAG trace files for errors.

ORA-32766 instr with negative offset: use varchar semantics on LOBs

    Cause: The current varchar behavior is different. That is, instr('abcd', 'cd', -2, 1) returns 3, whereas instr(to_clob('abcd'), 'cd', -2, 1) returns 0, (for example, no match), because the reverse search starts from offset -2, which points to 'c' and moving backward, 'd' is ignored. This is symmetric to instr('dcba','dc',2,1), which returns 0.

    Action: ORACLE uses the same varchar semantics on LOBs (instr). Using the same example, instr(to_clob('abcd'), 'cd', -2, 1) will return 3 as in the varchar case.

ORA-32800 internal error string

    Cause: An unexpected error condition occurred.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-32801 invalid value string for string

    Cause: An invalid value was given for a parameter.

    Action: Specify a valid value for the parameter.

ORA-32802 value for string must be string

    Cause: An invalid value was given for a parameter.

    Action: Specify the value as indicated by the message.

ORA-32803 value for string cannot be altered

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a value that cannot be altered.

    Action: Retry the operation without altering the indicated value.

ORA-32804 invalid value string, string should have form string

    Cause: A value specified for a parameter has the incorrect form.

    Action: Specify a string of the correct form.

ORA-32805 identifier for string too long, maximum length is string characters

    Cause: An identifier string exceeded the maximum allowed length.

    Action: Specify a string whose length is less than the maximum.

ORA-32806 value for string is too long, maximum length is string

    Cause: A value exceeded it's maximum allowed length.

    Action: Specify a value whose length is less than the maximum.

ORA-32807 message system link string already exists

    Cause: A message system link of the specified name already exists.

    Action: Specify a different name.

ORA-32808 message system link string does not exist

    Cause: A message system link of the specified name does not exist.

    Action: Specify a message system link name that already exists.

ORA-32809 foreign queue string is already registered

    Cause: The foreign queue has already been registered for this message system link (NAME@MSGLINK).

    Action: Specify a different name that is not being used for this message system link.

ORA-32810 foreign queue string is not registered

    Cause: The foreign queue (NAME@MSGLINK) has not been registered for this message system link.

    Action: Specify the name of a registered foreign queue.

ORA-32811 subscriber string already exists

    Cause: The specified subscriber identifier already exists.

    Action: Specify a different identifier.

ORA-32812 subscriber string does not exist

    Cause: The specified subscriber identifier does not exist.

    Action: Specify a subscriber identifier that already exists.

ORA-32813 propagation schedule string already exists

    Cause: The specified propagation schedule identifier already exists.

    Action: Specify a different identifier.

ORA-32814 propagation schedule string does not exist

    Cause: The specified propagation schedule identifier does not exist.

    Action: Specify a schedule identifier that already exists.

ORA-32815 message system link string is referenced by a foreign queue

    Cause: An attempt was made to remove a message system link currently referenced by one or more registered foreign queues.

    Action: Unregister all foreign queues using this message system link and retry the operation.

ORA-32816 foreign queue string is referenced by a subscriber or schedule

    Cause: An attempt was made to unregister a foreign queue currently referenced by one or more subscribers or propagation schedules.

    Action: Remove all subscribers and propagation schedules using this foreign queue and retry the operation.

ORA-32817 message system link string is not configured with a log queue for string

    Cause: An attempt was made to add a propagation subscriber but the message system link was not configured with a log queue for the indicated propagation type.

    Action: Alter the message system link to configure the link with a log queue for this propagation type.

ORA-32818 AQ queue string does not exist

    Cause: An operation was attempted where the specified AQ queue does not exist.

    Action: Specify the name of an AQ queue that already exists.

ORA-32819 AQ queue string must be a normal queue

    Cause: An operation was attempted where the specified AQ queue exists but is not a normal queue.

    Action: Specify the name of an AQ queue which was created as a normal queue (NORMAL_QUEUE).

ORA-32820 subscriber queue and exception queue must use same message system link

    Cause: An operation for INBOUND propagation was attempted where the specified subscriber queue and exception queue reference different message system links.

    Action: Specify an exception queue that is a registered foreign queue of the same message system link as the subscriber queue.

ORA-32821 subscriber queue and exception queue must have same payload type

    Cause: An operation for OUTBOUND propagation was attempted where the AQ queues used for the subscriber queue and exception queue have different payload types.

    Action: Specify an exception queue that has the same payload type as the subscriber queue.

ORA-32822 subscriber string is marked for removal

    Cause: An administration operation for a subscriber was attempted which is marked for removal. If attempting to remove a subscriber, then the Messaging Gateway agent is not running or is running but unable to remove the subscriber at this time.

    Action: Do not issue propagation administration commands for a subscriber for which removal is pending. Wait for the subscriber to be removed by the agent or issue REMOVE_SUBSCRIBER with the FORCE option to force the subscriber to be removed.

ORA-32823 subscriber exists for queue string and destination string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a propagation subscriber when one already exists for the specified queue and destination pair.

    Action: Specify a different queue and destination pair, or remove the subscriber using that pair and retry the operation.

ORA-32824 schedule exists for source string and destination string

    Cause: An attempt was made to create a propagation schedule when one already exists for the specified source and destination pair.

    Action: Specify a different source and destination pair, or remove the schedule using that pair and retry the operation.

ORA-32825 Messaging Gateway agent has not been started

    Cause: An attempt was made to shut down Messaging Gateway agent when it is not started.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-32826 Messaging Gateway agent has already been started

    Cause: An attempt was made to start Messaging Gateway agent when it is already started.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-32827 Messaging Gateway agent must be shut down

    Cause: An operation was attempted that requires the Messaging Gateway agent to be shut down.

    Action: Issue SHUTDOWN, wait for MGW_GATEWAY view to show NOT_STARTED status, and retry the operation. CLEANUP_GATEWAY may need to be issued to reset the gateway state if the agent fails to shut down after a reasonable amount of time.

ORA-32828 Messaging Gateway agent must be running

    Cause: An operation was attempted that requires the Messaging Gateway agent to be started and responsive.

    Action: Issue STARTUP, wait for MGW_GATEWAY view to show RUNNING status, and retry the operation.

ORA-32829 Messaging Gateway agent cannot be shut down while it is starting

    Cause: An attempt was made to shut down Messaging Gateway agent when it is in the process of starting and initializing.

    Action: Wait for MGW_GATEWAY view to show RUNNING status and retry the operation. CLEANUP_GATEWAY may need to be issued to reset the gateway state if the gateway fails to start after a reasonable amount of time.

ORA-32830 result code string returned by Messaging Gateway agent

    Cause: Messaging Gateway agent terminated abnormally due to an unexpected error.

    Action: Review the Messaging Gateway log file for further information regarding the problem. Resolve the problem and start the Messaging Gateway agent. Contact Oracle Support Services if the problem is unable to be resolved.

ORA-32831 timed out trying to acquire administration lock

    Cause: A timeout occurred when attempting an administration operation. An attempt was made to perform an administration operation while Messaging Gateway agent is starting and initializing, or two administration operations were attempted at the same time.

    Action: Retry the operation. If Messaging Gateway agent is starting, then wait for MGW_GATEWAY view to show RUNNING status.

ORA-32832 failure string trying to acquire administration lock

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred trying to acquire administration lock.

    Action: Retry the operation. Contact Oracle Support Services if the error persists.

ORA-32833 failure string trying to release administration lock

    Cause: An unexpected error occurred trying to release administration lock.

    Action: Contact Oracle Support Services if the error persists.

ORA-32834 Messaging Gateway agent user has not been set

    Cause: Messaging Gateway agent user has not been configured.

    Action: Create a database user having role MGW_AGENT_ROLE and issue DB_CONNECT_INFO to configure an agent user.

ORA-32835 database user string does not exist

    Cause: The specified database user does not currently exist.

    Action: Create the user and grant all necessary privileges and roles.

ORA-32836 database user string must be granted role string

    Cause: The specified database user does not have a required role.

    Action: Grant the user the indicated role.

ORA-32837 invalid configuration state string

    Cause: Unexpected configuration state.

    Action: Remove and re-create the configured entities. Contact Oracle Support Services if the problem is unable to be identified or resolved.

ORA-32838 exceeded maximum number of properties

    Cause: An attempt was made to alter a property list where the number of properties in the resulting list exceeds the maximum allowed.

    Action: Order the elements of the alter list differently so the number of elements in the resulting list is less than the maximum.

ORA-32839 property string is reserved, names with MGWPROP$_ prefix are not valid

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify a reserved name for a property name.

    Action: Use a non-reserved name.

ORA-32840 property name cannot be NULL

    Cause: An attempt was made to use NULL for a property name.

    Action: Specify a non-NULL name.

ORA-32841 invalid value for property string

    Cause: An attempt was made to specify an invalid value for a property.

    Action: Specify a valid property value.

ORA-33000 (AGOPEN00) %a workspace object string AGGMAP %p cannot be accessed because it was compiled by a more recent version of %p.

    Cause: The AGGMAP was already compiled by a more recent version of the product than was being used to execute this command.

    Action: Recompile the AGGMAP in the current version.

ORA-33002 (XSAGDNGL00) %a workspace object number number In AGGMAP %p, the FLOOR argument of %p must be less than the CEILING argument of %p.

    Cause: A floor argument greater than the ceiling argument was specified.

    Action: Adjust the floor and ceiling arguments so that the floor is less than the ceiling.

ORA-33004 (XSAGDNGL01) workspace object is not a relationship array.

    Cause: A RELATION clause in the AGGMAP named a workspace object that is not a relation.

    Action: Name a valid self-relation in the RELATION statement.

ORA-33006 (XSAGDNGL02) The relation workspace object is not related to itself.

    Cause: A relation was named in a RELATION clause of the AGGMAP that is not a self-relation.

    Action: Name a valid self-relation in the RELATION statement.

ORA-33008 (XSAGDNGL03) %a workspace object workspace object The relation %p is not a relation over a base dimension of AGGMAP %p.

    Cause: A relation was named in a RELATION clause of the AGGMAP that is not a relation for a base dimension of the AGGMAP.

    Action: Name a valid self-relation in the RELATION statement, that is, one that has a dimension that dimensions the AGGMAP.

ORA-33010 (XSAGDNGL04) %a workspace object workspace object Relation %p is duplicated in the AGGMAP %p.

    Cause: Two RELATION statements in the AGGMAP reference the same relation object.

    Action: Remove the duplicate RELATION statement.

ORA-33012 (XSAGDNGL05) AGGMAP workspace object contains invalid syntax.

    Cause: A line in the AGGMAP contains invalid syntax.

    Action: Change the line to have valid syntax.

ORA-33014 (XSAGDNGL06) %a workspace object workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, variable operator %p cannot be dimensioned by rollup dimension %p.

    Cause: Operator variables cannot have the rollup dimension as one of their base dimensions.

    Action: Modify the definition of the operator variable so that the current rollup dimension is not one of its bases.

ORA-33016 (XSAGDNGL07) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, %p is not a valid operator or variable name.

    Cause: An invalid argument was supplied to the OPERATOR clause in the relation statement.

    Action: Fix the OPERATOR clause so that it specifies either a valid variable name or a valid operator.

ORA-33018 (XSAGDNGL08) %a workspace object workspace object string In AGGMAP %p, the datatype of %p must be TEXT, not %p.

    Cause: An operator variable was supplied whose datatype is not TEXT.

    Action: Change the operator clause to reference a TEXT variable.

ORA-33020 (XSAGDNGL09) %a workspace object number number In AGGMAP %p, the MIN argument of %p must be less than the MAX argument of %p.

    Cause: The min argument was greater than the max argument.

    Action: Adjust the min and max arguments so that min is less than max.

ORA-33022 (XSAGDNGL10) %a workspace object workspace object The measure dimension %p must be a TEXT or ID base dimension that does not dimension AGGMAP %p, but is in the same analytic workspace.

    Cause: A MEASUREDIM was supplied in the AGGMAP that was not acceptable.

    Action: Modify the MEASUREDIM clause to specify a valid dimension.

ORA-33024 (XSAGDNGL11) AGGMAP workspace object contains duplicate information.

    Cause: The aggmap contains multiple instances of a clause that can only be specified once.

    Action: Remove the extra clause.

ORA-33030 (XSAGDNGL14) In AGGMAP workspace object, you can have either a single independent PROTECT statement or PROTECT statements in your RELATION statements.

    Cause: The AGGMAP either specified multiple PROTECT statements not on a RELATION line, or specified PROTECT statements both independently and on RELATION lines.

    Action: Correct the AGGMAP to have valid syntax.

ORA-33036 (XSAGDNGL17) ARGS option workspace object must be a TEXT variable.

    Cause: An ARGS value had a non-text datatype.

    Action: Use a text variable for ARGS.

ORA-33046 (XSAGDNGL22) In AGGMAP workspace object, you can specify only one SCREENBY clause.

    Cause: The AGGMAP contained multiple SCREENBY clauses.

    Action: Remove one of the SCREENBY clauses from the AGGMAP.

ORA-33048 (XSAGDNGL23) %a workspace object workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the relation %p and the relation %p are both over the same base dimension.

    Cause: The AGGMAP contains incompatible RELATION statements.

    Action: Remove one of the RELATION statements from the AGGMAP.

ORA-33050 (XSAGDNGL24) %a workspace object workspace object AGGMAP %p cannot be used to aggregate %p, because %p is defined in a different analytic workspace.

    Cause: The user attempted to aggregate a variable in another analytic workspace.

    Action: Create an AGGMAP in the other analytic workspace to aggregate that variable.

ORA-33052 (XSAGDNGL25) AGGMAP workspace object is a dimensioned AGGMAP; it can only be used to aggregate like-dimensioned variables.

    Cause: The user attempted to aggregate a variable with different dimensions than the AGGMAP. This is only possible with undimensioned AGGMAPs.

    Action: Create a new undimensioned AGGMAP.

ORA-33054 (XSAGDNGL26) %a workspace object number number In AGGMAP %p, a MIN argument of %p must be less than a FLOOR argument of %p.

    Cause: The user specified a MIN argument that was greater than or equal to the FLOOR argument.

    Action: Reduce the MIN argument.

ORA-33056 (XSAGDNGL27) %a workspace object number number In AGGMAP %p, the MAX argument of %p must be greater than the CEILING argument of %p.

    Cause: The user specified a MAX argument that was less than or equal to the CEILING argument.

    Action: Increase the MAX argument.

ORA-33058 (XSAGDNGL28) %a workspace object string number In AGGMAP %p, error code %p is greater than the maximum error code of %p.

    Cause: An invalud ERRORMASK value was specified.

    Action: Remove the invalid value from the ERRORMASK list.

ORA-33060 (XSAGDNGL29) In AGGMAP workspace object, the value for the ERRORLOG MAX option must be greater than 0.

    Cause: The user specified an ERRORLOG MAX of 0 or a negative number.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a positive number.

ORA-33064 (XSAGDNGL31) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the hierarchy dimension QDR %p cannot refer to the related dimension of the relation.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid hierarchy dimension qualified data reference.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a valid dimension value qualified data reference.

ORA-33066 (XSAGDNGL32) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the hierarchy dimension QDR %p must be a hierarchy dimension of the relation.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid qualified data reference for the hierarchy dimension.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a valid dimension value qualified data reference.

ORA-33068 (XSAGDNGL33) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the hierarchy dimension QDR over dimension %p must specify a positive dimension offset.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid qualified data reference for the hierarchy dimension.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a valid dimension value qualified data reference.

ORA-33070 (XSAGDNGL34) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, all QDRs of dimension %p must map to the same dimension position.

    Cause: The user specified two conflicting hierarchy dimension qualified data references.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a consistent qualified data reference.

ORA-33072 (XSAGDNGL35) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the hierarchy dimension QDR over dimension %p must be specified for every relation dimensioned by that hierarchy dimension.

    Cause: Multiple dimensions share the same hierarchy dimension, but it is only qualified within a subset of the AGGMAP relations.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses consistent qualified data references.

ORA-33074 (XSAGDNGL36) %a workspace object workspace object number In AGGMAP %p, the offset %p is not a valid offset into dimension %p.

    Cause: The hierarchy dimension offset is an invalid dimension position.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses valid qualified data references.

ORA-33076 (XSAGDNGL37) %a workspace object workspace object number In AGGMAP %p, the value '%p' is not a valid value of dimension %p.

    Cause: The hierarchy dimension offset is an invalid dimension position.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses valid qualified data references.

ORA-33078 (XSAGDNGL39) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the hierarchy dimension QDR %p must refer to a dimension.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid qualified data reference for the hierarchy dimension.

    Action: Adjust the AGGMAP so that it uses a valid dimension value qualified data reference.

ORA-33080 (XSAGDNGL40) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, you cannot reference dimension %p with both a RELATION statement and a DIMENSION statement.

    Cause: The user included both RELATION and DIMENSION statements in the AGGMAP referring to the same AGGMAP.

    Action: Remove one of the conflicting clauses.

ORA-33082 (XSAGDNGL41) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, the non-dimensioned valueset %p must have a parent QDR in its VALUESET statement over the VALUESET's base dimension.

    Cause: The VALUESET statement specified a scalar valueset but did not include a qualified data reference to specify the parent.

    Action: Add a qualified data reference specifying the parent to the VALUESET statement.

ORA-33084 (XSAGDNGL42) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, you cannot qualify the dimensioned valueset %p.

    Cause: The VALUESET line referred to a dimensioned valueset.

    Action: Use a non-dimensioned valueset to limit the status of the dimensioned one.

ORA-33086 (XSAGINIT01) %a workspace object workspace object AGGMAP %p cannot be dimensioned by a conjoint dimension.

    Cause: The specified AGGMAP was dimensioned by a conjoint dimension.

    Action: Use the CHGDFN command to change the conjoint to a composite dimension.

ORA-33092 (XSAGCOMP04) number is not the name of a MODEL in any attached analytic workspace.

    Cause: An invalid model name was attached to an AGGMAP.

    Action: Remove the model from the AGGMAP or create a model with that name.

ORA-33098 (APABBR01) %a string workspace object A value of '%p' is not valid for the %p option.

    Cause: An inappropriate value was specified for the named option.

    Action: Set a legal value for the option.

ORA-33100 (APABBR02) %a number workspace object Value '%p' is not valid for the %p option.

    Cause: An inappropriate value was specified for the named option.

    Action: Set a legal value for the option.

ORA-33218 (CINSERT04) %a value workspace object number number %p is not a valid value for the %p dimension. Values for this dimension can have at most %p significant digits after rounding to %p decimal places.

    Cause: The user attempted to insert a value that had too many digits into a NUMBER dimension. For instance, the user might have tried to insert the value 99999 (5 digits) into a dimension with datatype NUMBER(4).

    Action: Use a smaller number for the dimension value, or define a new dimension with a larger precision and replace the old dimension with the new one.

ORA-33300 (DBERR22) %a string string Analytic workspace %p cannot be opened because it was last modified by an incompatible version of %p.

    Cause: The user attempted to attach an old OLAP Services analytic workspace that cannot be converted by this version of OLAP Services.

    Action: Either create a new analytic workspace or try using a version of OLAP Services compatible with the one that created this analytic workspace.

ORA-33332 (DSSEXIST01) Use the AW command to establish a current analytic workspace. Then start your current activity again.

    Cause: There is no currently active analytic workspace. The command that generated the error requires an active analytic workspace on which to operate.

    Action: Execute an AW ATTACH or AW CREATE command to establish an active workspace.

ORA-33334 (DSSEXIST04) Analytic workspace string is not attached.

    Cause: The specified analytic workspace is currently not attached to the session, or the name is misspelled.

    Action: Attach the analytic workspace with the AW ATTACH command, or correct the spelling of the name .

ORA-33336 (DSSEXIST04A) Analytic workspace string is not attached.

    Cause: The specified analytic workspace is currently not attached to the session, or the name is misspelled.

    Action: Attach the analytic workspace with the AW ATTACH command, or correct the spelling of the name .

ORA-33338 (DSSEXIST05) You cannot specify the EXPTEMP analytic workspace.

    Cause: The command requires a non-temporary analytic workspace on which to operate.

    Action: Specify an analytic workspace other than EXPTEMP.

ORA-33425 (EIFMAKEF15) CAUTION: Exporting NTEXT objects using string for the EIF file character set can cause loss of data. To preserve all NTEXT data, export using the UTF8 character set for the EIF file.

    Cause: The user exported an object with datatype NTEXT, but the EIF file that will result from the EXPORT command is not written in Unicode. Because no non-Unicode file can represent all possible Unicode data, it is possible that some data will be lost when converting from the Unicode NTEXT object to the EIF file. The EIF file will be written in the character set indicated by the "nls_charset" argument of the EXPORT command, or, if no such argument is present, in the database character set.

    Action: If the user is certain that the contents of the NTEXT object can be represented in the specified character set, then no action is necessary. Otherwise, the user can add "nls_charset 'UTF8'" to the EXPORT command string. This will result in the EIF file being written in UTF8 Unicode, which can represent all the data contained in NTEXT objects.

ORA-33427 (EIFMAKEF16) CAUTION: NTEXT object workspace object will be exported with type TEXT.

    Cause: User attempted to export an object whose datatype is NTEXT, but the EIFVERSION option indicates a version of Express / Oracle OLAP that does not support the NTEXT datatype. The object will be exported as a TEXT object instead.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-33429 (EIFMAKEF17) CAUTION: NTEXT expression will be exported with type TEXT.

    Cause: User attempted to export an expression whose datatype is NTEXT, but the EIFVERSION option indicates a version of Express / Oracle OLAP that does not support the NTEXT datatype. The expression will be exported as a TEXT object instead.

    Action: No action required.

ORA-33443 (ESDREAD14) %a workspace object string Discarding compiled code for %p because analytic workspace %p is not attached.

    Cause: A program used an analytic workspace name in a qualified object name. The named analytic workspace is not attached at program run time.

    Action: No action required. The program will be automatically recompiled. It is likely that the recompile will fail with an appropriate exception code, in which case the signaled condition should be corrected and the program re-run.

ORA-33468 (ESDREAD13) %a workspace object number workspace object Discarding compiled code for %p because %p is no longer a surrogate of dimension %p.

    Cause: When the compiled code was saved, the specified object was a surrogate of a certain dimension. Now the specified object is a surrogate of a different dimension.

    Action: No action required; program automatically recompiles.

ORA-33918 (MAKEDCL33) %a workspace object string You cannot define a surrogate of dimension %p because it is a %p.

    Cause: Not all kinds of dimensions can have surrogates. The user attempted to define a surrogate of a prohibited kind of dimension.

    Action: Do not attempt to define a surrogate on this dimension.

ORA-33920 (MAKEDCL34) The string SURROGATE must have one of the following datatypes: ID, NTEXT, TEXT, NUMBER, or INTEGER.

    Cause: The user attempted to define a surrogate without specifying a valid datatype.

    Action: Specify the datatype (ID, NTEXT, TEXT, NUMBER, or INTEGER) in the definition of the surrogate.

ORA-33922 (MAKEDCL35) You cannot define a surrogate of dimension workspace object because it is a date dimension.

    Cause: The user attempted to define a surrogate on a dimension that has type DAY, WEEK, MONTH, or YEAR.

    Action: Do not attempt to define a surrogate on this dimension.

ORA-33998 (MODCOMP12) %a workspace object workspace object workspace object workspace object You cannot use both %p and %p as model dimensions, because %p is a surrogate of %p.

    Cause: The user attempted to include both a dimension and its surrogate in the DIMENSION statement of a model.

    Action: Use either the dimension or the surrogate in the DIMENSION statement of the model, but not both.

ORA-34000 (MODCOMP13) %a workspace object workspace object workspace object You cannot use both %p and %p as model dimensions, because they are both surrogates of dimension %p.

    Cause: The user attempted to include two dimension surrogates of the same dimension in the DIMENSION statement of a model.

    Action: Use either of the two surrogates in the DIMENSION statement of the model, but not both.

ORA-34141 (MXCGPUT00) You cannot use the ASSIGN keyword with DIMENSION workspace object.

    Cause: User used the ASSIGN keyword on a DIMENSION target in a FILEREAD or SQL FETCH command.

    Action: To create a new dimension value in a FILEREAD or SQL FETCH command, use the APPEND keyword.

ORA-34143 (MXCGPUT02) You cannot assign values to SURROGATE workspace object because it is type INTEGER.

    Cause: The user attempted to assign a value to a dimension surrogate whose datatype is INTEGER. INTEGER surrogates, like INTEGER dimensions, cannot have values assigned to them. They can only be referenced by position.

    Action: Do not attempt to assign values to an INTEGER surrogate. Values will automatically appear and disappear from the INTEGER surrogate as positions are added to or removed from the underlying dimension.

ORA-34145 (MXCGPUT03) You cannot use the APPEND keyword with SURROGATE workspace object.

    Cause: User used the APPEND keyword on a SURROGATE target in a FILEREAD or SQL FETCH command.

    Action: To assign a value to a SURROGATE in a FILEREAD or SQL FETCH command, use the ASSIGN keyword.

ORA-34210 (MXCHGDCL18) You cannot change workspace object to a dimension composite because one or more surrogates has been defined for it.

    Cause: The user attempted to redefine a conjoint dimension as a composite, but the conjoint has one or more surrogates defined. A dimension that has surrogates cannot be redefined as a composite.

    Action: Either delete all surrogates for the dimension, or do not attempt to redefine the dimension as a composite.

ORA-34276 (MXDCL33) (Precision, Scale) arguments can only be used with a NUMBER variable or dimension.

    Cause: The user attempted to use NUMBER(Precision) or NUMBER(Precision, Scale) as the datatype in a definition for some object other than a DIMENSION or VARIABLE, such as a FORMULA or PROGRAM. This error can also be produced in cases where a NUMBER datatype is not allowed at all.

    Action: Use the NUMBER type without specifying a precision or scale. If a NUMBER datatype is not allowed at all, then this fix will only change the exception message to something more specific.

ORA-34296 (MXDCL36) A NUMBER dimension must be defined with a fixed precision and scale, using the form NUMBER(precision) or NUMBER(precision, scale).

    Cause: The user attempted to define a NUMBER dimension without specifying a precision. The proper format for declaring a number dimension is NUMBER(Precision) or NUMBER(Precision, Scale). NUMBER with no precision or scale is not allowed.

    Action: Use NUMBER(Precision) or NUMBER(Precision, Scale) to specify the datatype of a NUMBER dimension.

ORA-34342 (MXDSS01) IMPORTANT: Analytic workspace string is read-only. Therefore, you will not be able to use the UPDATE command to save changes to it.

    Cause: This is an informational message that reminds you that you may not save changes to the specified analytic workspace.

    Action: No action required, unless it was desired to save changes to the analytic workspace. In that case, detach and reattach the analytic workspace read-write.

ORA-34344 (MXDSS03) Analytic workspace string is not attached.

    Cause: The command attempted to operate on an analytic workspace that is not currently attached, or the name of the analytic workspace is misspelled.

    Action: Attach the analytic workspace or correct the spelling.

ORA-34346 (MXDSS04) The string analytic workspace cannot be detached.

    Cause: The specified analytic workspace is an internal workspace and may not be detached by the user.

    Action: Specify a different analytic workspace to detach.

ORA-34348 (MXDSS05) string is used only for internal purposes and cannot be accessed as an analytic workspace.

    Cause: The command attempted to operate on an internal analytic workspace used by the system.

    Action: Specify a different analytic workspace.

ORA-34350 (MXDSS06) string is an open analytic workspace.

    Cause: The specified analytic workspace is currently in use.

    Action: The desired action requires an analytic workspace that is not currently in use.

ORA-34357 (MXDSS10) %a string string %p is not an alias of analytic workspace %p.

    Cause: User attempted to use AW UNALIAS on a non-existent alias.

    Action: Make sure that the command specified the correct analytic workspace and alias. The alias must have been assigned (using AW ALIAS) during the current session and must not have been removed by a previous AW UNALIAS or AW DETACH command.

ORA-34359 (MXDSS11) string appears twice in the alias list.

    Cause: User included the same name twice in the alias list of an AW ALIAS or AW UNALIAS command.

    Action: Remove the duplicate name and try again.

ORA-34489 (MXMAINT06) You cannot maintain workspace object because it is a SURROGATE.

    Cause: The user attempted to use the MAINTAIN command on a dimension surrogate. The MAINTAIN command can only be used with real dimensions, not surrogates.

    Action: Use the MAINTAIN command to modify the underlying dimension of the surrogate instead.

ORA-34514 (MXOPERR) %a string string string You cannot %p %p data in the expression that begins with '%p'.

    Cause: The user attempted an invalid operation.

ORA-34719 (NLSCHARSET03) Character data loss in NTEXT/TEXT conversion

    Cause: When character set conversion happens between TEXT and NTEXT either implicitly or explicitly, some characters are lost due to no mapping characters in the destination character set.

    Action: Make sure all the characters can be mapped to destination character sets or set the NLS_NCHAR_CONV_EXCP initialization parameter to false.

ORA-35276 (SNSYN163) The format of the ALLOCATE command is: ALLOCATE varname [SOURCE svarname] [BASIS bvarname [ACROSS dimname]] [TARGET tvarname [TARGETLOG logvarname]] USING aggmap

    Cause: The user used incorrect syntax for the ALLOCATE command.

    Action: Correct the calling syntax.

ORA-35280 (SNSYN165) The format of the AGGREGATE command is: AGGREGATE varname1 [varname2 varname3 ...] USING aggmap-name [COUNTVAR intvar-name1 [intvar-name2 intvar-name3 ...]] [FUNCDATA] [THREADS #]

    Cause: The user used incorrect syntax for the AGGREGATE command.

    Action: Correct the calling syntax.

ORA-35282 (SNSYN166) The format of the AGGREGATE function is: AGGREGATE(varname USING aggmap-name [COUNTVAR intvar-name] [FORCECALC])

    Cause: The user used incorrect syntax for the AGGREGATE function.

    Action: Correct the calling syntax.

ORA-36178 (XSAGGR01) To be used with AGGREGATE, AGGMAP workspace object must be declared with the AGGMAP command.

    Cause: The user used the ALLOCMAP command to define the AGGMAP, so the AGGMAP can only be used with the ALLOCATE command, or the AGGMAP has no contents attached to it.

    Action: Use the AGGMAP command to define the AGGMAP.

ORA-36180 (XSAGGR08) AGGREGATE cannot function because there is a permission clause associated with variable workspace object.

    Cause: When using AGGREGATE, only simple permissions and permissions on base dimensions are valid.

    Action: Remove the permissions clause from the variable causing problems.

ORA-36182 (XSAGGR09) %a workspace object number Could not locate a value for variable %p in measure dimension %p.

    Cause: A measure dimension was supplied in the AGGMAP, but a position for the variable was not found in it.

    Action: Add a position for the variable in the measure dimension.

ORA-36184 (XSAGGR10) You do not have sufficient permissions for the variable workspace object.

    Cause: The user lacked the permissions necessary for the aggregation variable.

    Action: Remove the restricting permissions from the variable or base dimension.

ORA-36188 (XSAGGR16) AGGREGATE read a value less than 1 out of COUNTVAR variable workspace object. Either the values of the COUNTVAR variable are stored improperly, or there is a problem in AGGREGATE. If no one has modified the values in this COUNTVAR, contact Oracle Support Services.

    Cause: Either someone improperly changed the COUNTVAR variable, or AGGREGATE has an error.

    Action: Set the COUNTVAR variable to NA before starting AGGREGATE. If you previously set the COUNTVAR variable to NA, then contact Oracle Support Services.

ORA-36198 (XSAGGR33) %a string workspace object number workspace object The AGGREGATE operator %p does not require a weight, but ARGS variable %p with text 'number' specified %p as a weight.

    Cause: The ARGS variable specified a weight even though one is not needed.

    Action: Modify the ARGS variable so that it does not specify a weight for that operation.

ORA-36200 (XSAGGR34) %a string workspace object string AGGREGATE operator %p requires a WEIGHTBY clause, but ARGS variable %p did not specify one with text expression "%p".

    Cause: The given operator requires a WEIGHT specification, but the ARGS variable did not supply one.

    Action: Modify the ARGS variable to specify a weight for the operation.

ORA-36202 (XSAGOP01) 'number' is not a valid aggregation operator.

    Cause: An invalid string was provided for an aggregation operator.

    Action: Check the spelling of the operator to make sure you are specifying a valid one.

ORA-36204 (XSAGOP04N) %a workspace object string In AGGMAP %p, the NAOPERATOR %p must be HFIRST, HLAST or HEVEN.

    Cause: An invalid NAOPERATOR was specified.

    Action: Specify HFIRST, HLAST or HEVEN.

ORA-36206 (XSAGOP04R) %a workspace object string In AGGMAP %p, REMOPERATOR %p must be MIN, MAX, FIRST, LAST, HFIRST, or HLAST.

    Cause: An invalid REMOPERATOR was specified.

    Action: Specify one of the legal operators.

ORA-36208 (XSAGOP05N) %a workspace object string string In AGGMAP %p, you can only specify NAOPERATOR %p with the PROPORTIONAL or EVEN operators, not %p.

    Cause: The user specified an NAOPERATOR when you were not using PROPORTIONAL or EVEN.

    Action: Remove the NAOPERATOR clause from the RELATION line.

ORA-36210 (XSAGOP05R) %a workspace object string string In AGGMAP %p, you can only specify the REMOPERATOR %p with the PROPORTIONAL, EVEN, or HEVEN operators, not %p.

    Cause: The user specified a REMOPERATOR without using PROPORTIONAL, EVEN, or HEVEN.

    Action: Remove the REMOPERATOR clause from the RELATION line.

ORA-36212 (XSAGOP06) %a workspace object string In AGGMAP %p, you can only specify the MIN, MAX, FLOOR, and CEILING arguments while using the PROPORTIONAL operator, not %p.

    Cause: The user specified MIN, MAX, FLOOR, or CEILING when using an operator other than PROPORTIONAL.

    Action: Remove the incorrect argument from the RELATION line.

ORA-36258 (XSAGINFO00) When the AGGMAPINFO function is called, workspace object must be an AGGMAP.

    Cause: The AGGMAPINFO function was called with an object that is not an AGGMAP.

    Action: Modify the call to AGGMAPINFO to specify an AGGMAP object.

ORA-36260 (XSAGINFO01) You specified an invalid keyword when calling the AGGMAPINFO function.

    Cause: The call to AGGMAPINFO is invalid.

    Action: Modify the call to specify a valid syntax.

ORA-36290 (EIFMAKEF14) %a workspace object number You cannot export object %p, because EIFVERSION is set to %p. That version does not support dimensions of type NUMBER.

    Cause: The user tried to export a NUMBER dimension to an EIF file with the EIFVERSION option set to a number less than 80000. Versions previous to that eversion do not support NUMBER dimensions.

    Action: A NUMBER dimension cannot be used in a version older than 9.2.0. If the EXPORT file is going to be read by version 9.2.0 or higher, then set EIFVERSION to a number greater than or equal to 80000 and execute the EXPORT command again.

ORA-36342 (SNSYN200) The format of the CLEAR command is: CLEAR [ ALL | STATUS ] [ CHANGES | PRECOMPUTES | NONPRECOMPUTES | CACHE ] FROM var1 [var2, var3...] [USING aggmap]

    Cause: The syntax for the CLEAR command was invalid.

    Action: Modify your syntax using the correct format.

ORA-36376 (XSAGZERO) AGGREGATE attempted to divide by zero. Set DIVIDEBYZERO to YES if you want NA to be returned as the result of a division by zero.

    Cause: A calculation in the current AGGREGATE command attempted to divide by zero as a result of an AVERAGE, WAVERAGE, HAVERAGE or HWAVERAGE operation.

    Action: Either fix the data, or set DIVIDEBYZERO to YES to return NA instead of signalling an error.

ORA-36378 (XSAGTHRWEIGHT) %a workspace object workspace object workspace object While running AGGREGATE with multiple threads, the weight variable %p specified by your ARGS variable %p must exist in the same analytic workspace as your AGGMAP %p.

    Cause: While running AGGREGATE in threaded mode, you attempted to specify a WEIGHT variable in another analytic workspace.

    Action: Use a weight variable from the same analytic workspace as the aggmap and rollup variable.

ORA-36380 (AGGRECURSE) AGGREGATE was called recursively, which is not allowed.

    Cause: A model, NATRIGGER, or other object called the AGGREGATE function or command while another AGGREGATE function or command was already in progress.

    Action: Modify your objects so that they do not need to have two AGGREGATE commands or functions executing at once.

ORA-36608 (XSAGHOVERFLOW) The depth of the hierarchies encountered while processing a composite dimension in AGGREGATE caused a counter overflow.

    Cause: The depth of the hierarchies that are part of a composite exceeded 4 billion levels during the merge.

    Action: Reduce the number of levels in the hierarchies, reduce the number of dimensions in the composite, or do not aggregate over all dimensions at once.

ORA-36610 (XSLMS00) %a value value Unable to locate a message file for product '%p' and facility '%p'.

    Cause: An application called the INTL.MESG function with an incorrect or uninstalled product / facility combination.

    Action: Make sure that the appropriate binary message file is stored on the host in the correct location:

    ORACLE_HOME/product/facilitylanguage.msb


ORA-36612 (XSLMS01) %a value value value An application attempted to retrieve a non-existent user message. (Product: %p, Facility: %p, Message Number: %p)

    Cause: The caller of INTL.MESG tried to retrieve a non-existent message.

    Action: Add the message to the application's message file, and recompile or reinstall the binary message file.

ORA-36614 (XSLMS02) %a string number %p attempted to retrieve a nonexistent user message. (Message number %p)

    Cause: An internal Oracle OLAP error occurred. Oracle OLAP attempted to retrieve a message that does not exist in the installed message file OLAP_HOME/aps*.msb.

    Action: Ignore this error message.

ORA-36616 (XSAGMODHIER01) %a workspace object workspace object MODEL %p cannot be added to AGGMAP %p, because it is dimensioned by a dimension not contained in the AGGMAP.

    Cause: The dimension of the model is not a dimension of the aggmap.

ORA-36628 (XSAGMODLIST03) %a workspace object workspace object MODEL %p could not be added to AGGMAP %p.

    Cause: The dimension of the model must match a hierarchy of the aggmap.

    Action: Add a RELATION statement to the AGGMAP for that dimension.

ORA-36630 (XSDUNION00) An empty CONCAT dimension list was specified.

    Cause: An empty union DIMENSION list was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid list of dimensions when defining a union DIMENSION.

ORA-36634 (XSDUNION02) INTEGER dimension workspace object cannot be used as a CONCAT dimension base.

    Cause: The user cannot specify a prefix list or the UNIQUE keyword when defining a MERGE DIMENSION.

ORA-36636 (XSDUNION03) The CONCAT base dimensions have inconsistent datatypes.

    Cause: The union dimension's base dimensions have inconsistent datatypes.

    Action: Specify a valid list of dimensions when defining CONCAT DIMENSION.

ORA-36638 (XSDUNION04) workspace object is an invalid CONCAT prefix dimension.

    Cause: An invalid prefix list dimension was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid prefix list when defining CONCAT DIMENSION.

ORA-36640 (XSDUNION05) An invalid or ambiguous prefix was specified for workspace object.

    Cause: An invalid or ambiguous prefix was specified.

    Action: Specify a valid prefix list when defining a union DIMENSION.

ORA-36642 (XSDUNION06) Duplicate CONCAT dimension workspace object found

    Cause: A duplicate CONCAT dimension was found.

ORA-36644 (XSDUNION07) CONCAT dimension workspace object contains a previously detected leaf dimension.

    Cause: Union dimension contains a previously detected leaf dimension.

ORA-36688 (NTEXTCNV00) Error during conversion from TEXT to NTEXT

    Cause: An unknown character set conversion error occurred when converting a TEXT value to an NTEXT value.

ORA-36690 (NTEXTCNV01) Error during conversion from NTEXT to TEXT

    Cause: An unknown character set conversion error occurred when converting an NTEXT value to a TEXT value.

ORA-36691 (NTEXTCNV02) Invalid escape sequence in argument to UNISTR function: string

    Cause: The user called the UNISTR function on a string that had an invalid escape sequence. The only valid escape sequences in UNISTR are:

       1. An escape-escape sequence
       2. An escape, followed by exactly four hexadecimal digits

    Action: Make sure that all escape sequences in UNISTR arguments are exactly four hexadecimal digits. To represent codepoints whose value is less than 0x1000, use preceding zeros. WRONG: 0x10; RIGHT: 0x0010.

ORA-36692 (XSRELTBL00) The format of the HIERHEIGHT command is: HIERHEIGHT relation1[(dimension dimvalue, ...)] into relation2 [using relation3 | a | d]

    Cause: The user input the wrong format or object types.

    Action: Make sure number of arguments and all object types are correct.

ORA-36694 (XSRELTBL01) The value cannot be added to dimension workspace object.

    Action: Check the context and permission for dimension maintainance.

ORA-36696 (XSRELTBL02) QDR dimension workspace object should not be the related dimension of the relation.

    Cause: Try to limit relation dimension using qdr list.

    Action: Delete the part of qdr list for relation dimension.

ORA-36698 (XSRELTBL03) QDR dimension workspace object should be in the dimension list that dimensions the relation.

    Cause: Use other dimensions than dimensions in relation dimensions.

    Action: Make sure all dimensions of qdrs dimension the relation.

ORA-36700 (XSRELTBL04) QDR dimension workspace object repeats.

    Cause: Repeat the qdr dimension.

    Action: Delete the repeated qdr.

ORA-36702 (XSRELTBL05) The format of the HIERHEIGHT function is: HIERHEIGHT(relation [,] level) level >= 1.

    Cause: The HIERHEIGHT function was specified incorrectly.

    Action: Make sure the format is correct.

ORA-36704 (XSRELTBL06) %a workspace object workspace object %p should be dimensioned by %p.

    Cause: The level relation is not dimensioned by the source relation dimension.

    Action: Make sure the level relation has the correct definition.

ORA-36706 (XSRELTBL07) %a workspace object workspace object %p should be dimensioned by %p and one integer/number dimension.

    Cause: The destination relation has the wrong definition.

    Action: Make sure the destination relation has the correct dimensions.

ORA-36708 (XSMXALLOC00) Variable workspace object must be dimensioned to be used by the ALLOCATE command.

    Cause: The user supplied an undimensioned (scalar) variable to the ALLOCATE command.

    Action: Use a dimensioned variable.

ORA-36710 (XSMXALLOC01) %a workspace object workspace object TARGETLOG variable %p must be dimensioned identically to TARGET variable %p.

    Cause: The user attempted to execute ALLOCATE with mismatching TARGET and TARGETLOG variables.

    Action: Use TARGET and TARGETLOG variables with matching dimensionality.

ORA-36712 (XSMXALLOC02) Relation workspace object must be a one-dimensional self-relation to be used as a SOURCE or BASIS with ALLOCATE.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid source or basis relation on the ALLOCATE command line.

    Action: Modify the relation to be a one-dimensional self-relation.

ORA-36714 (XSMXALLOC03) %a workspace object workspace object TARGETLOG variable %p must have the same datatype as TARGET variable %p.

    Cause: The user specified a TARGETLOG variable that had a different datatype from the TARGET variable.

    Action: Use TARGETLOG and TARGET variables with an identical datatype.

ORA-36716 (XSMXALLOC04) %a workspace object workspace object You can only use the ACROSS phrase when allocation BASIS %p is a FORMULA.

    Cause: The user specified an ACROSS composite when the BASIS is not a FORMULA.

    Action: Remove the ACROSS phrase or use a FORMULA for the BASIS.

ORA-36718 (XSALLOC00) You do not have the necessary permissions to use AGGMAP workspace object.

    Cause: The user did not have sufficient permissions to run the ALLOCATE command.

    Action: Change to a user ID with the appropriate permissions, or use objects that you have permission to use.

ORA-36720 (XSALLOC01) To be used with ALLOCATE, your AGGMAP workspace object must be defined with the ALLOCMAP command.

    Cause: The user used the AGGMAP command to define the AGGMAP, so either the AGGMAP can only be used with the AGGREGATE command, or the AGGMAP has no contents attached to it.

    Action: Use the ALLOCMAP command to define the AGGMAP.

ORA-36722 (XSALLOC02) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, you specified an NA or ZERO sourceval but supplied formula %p as your source for ALLOCATE.

    Cause: The user requested that source values be modified during the allocation, but that is not possible when using a formula source.

    Action: Either use a VARIABLE source or remove the SOURCEVAL specification for your ALLOCMAP.

ORA-36726 (XSALERR00) The character 'character' is not a valid format specifier for the ALLOCATE error log.

    Cause: The user specified an invalid formatter in the ALLOCERRLOGHEADER or ALLOCERRLOGFORMAT options.

    Action: Correct the option to have a valid format.

ORA-36728 (XSALERR01) %a workspace object number While performing the ALLOCATE command with AGGMAP %p, the error logging limit of %p was exceeded.

    Cause: The user specified an ERRORLOG MAX value in the ALLOCMAP, but more errors were encountered while performing the allocation.

    Action: Either set ERRORLOG NOSTOP, reduce the allocation errors, or// increase the ERRORLOG MAX setting.

ORA-36742 (XSRELTBL08) %a string workspace object %p is not a valid qualified data reference for dimension %p.

    Cause: The qdr is not in its dimension.

    Action: Make sure the qdr is in its dimension.

ORA-36744 (XSRELTBL09) workspace object is not a valid level relation.

    Cause: The level relation includes the invalid content.

    Action: In level relation, all parents should be always either greater or less than their children.

ORA-36746 (XSRELTBL10) workspace object must be a dimension.

    Cause: Use other objects than dimension in qdr list.

    Action: Must use dimensions only in qdr list.

ORA-36748 (XSRELTBL11) workspace object must be a relation.

    Cause: Wrong object type for either source or destination.

    Action: Give the correct object.

ORA-36750 (XSRELTBL12) workspace object must be a self-relation.

    Cause: Source relation is not self-relation.

    Action: Give a self-relation as source.

ORA-36752 (XSRELTBL13) %a workspace object workspace object Relation %p must be dimensioned by %p.

    Cause: Destination relation is not dimensioned by source relation dimension.

    Action: Give a correct destination relation.

ORA-36756 (XSRELGID00) The format of the GROUPINGID command is: GROUPINGID relation1 INTO {variable | relation2}

    Cause: Command format is not correct.

    Action: Check the object type and number, and give the correct format.

ORA-36758 (XSRELGID01) workspace object must be a self-relation.

    Cause: Source relation is not a self-relation.

    Action: Give a source relation as self-relation.

ORA-36760 (XSRELGID02) Variable workspace object must have a numeric datatype.

    Cause: Destination variable is not numeric type variable.

    Action: Make sure the variable is numeric.

ORA-36762 (XSRELGID03) The grouping variable/relation workspace object must be dimensioned by all dimensions of the source relation workspace object which have more than one element in status.

    Cause: Destination variable/relation does not have enough dimensionality to hold the result from the multi-dimensional source relation.

    Action: Either limit the status of hierarchy dimensions or redefine the destination variable/relation with the extended dimensionality.

ORA-36764 (XSRELGID04) A value cannot be inserted into dimension workspace object.

    Action: Make sure the dimension can be inserted.

ORA-36766 (XSRELGID05) %a workspace object workspace object Relation %p must be dimensioned by %p.

    Cause: The destination relation is not dimensioned by the dimension of the source relation.

    Action: Change the definition of the destination relation to be dimensioned by the dimension of the source relation.

ORA-36768 (XSRELGID06) The related dimension of relation workspace object must be of type NUMBER.

    Cause: The destination relation has the wrong dimension type.

    Action: Change the definition of the destination relation so that its dimension is an Oracle number.

ORA-36780 (IOSEC01) Current Directory Alias is not set. Cannot complete string.

    Action: Use CDA command to set current directory alias or include the directory alias in the file name.

ORA-36782 (IOSEC02) Directory Alias used in string does not exist, or you do not have sufficient privileges to access it.

    Action: Use CREATE DIRECTORY name AS 'path'. Then grant privileges to that directory alias.

ORA-36788 (IOSEC05) Access to the directory specified by string denied.

    Action: Use GRANT command to assign permissions to the directory alias.

ORA-36800 (XSTBLFUNC00) The OLAP_TABLE function can only have a single LOOP statement within the LIMITMAP

    Cause: The given olap table function used more than one LOOP statement.

    Action: It is currently impossible to specify more than one LOOP composite, either remove one of the statements (and loop densly over relevant dimensions), or create a new composite that encompasses both loops and have a single loop statement refer to that.

ORA-36802 (XSTBLFUNC01) The OLAP_TABLE function must contain a DATAMAP that executes a FETCH command or a LIMITMAP

    Cause: There is no limitmap on the table function and either the datamap does not contain a fetch, or it errored before the fetch was called.

    Action: Check the datamap for errors, make sure that it executes a fetch statement, if it is not intended to execute the fetch then make sure that the table function has a valid limitmap.

ORA-36804 (XSTBLFUNC02) The OLAP_TABLE function encountered an error while parsing the LIMITMAP

    Cause: Invalid LIMITMAP syntax, or the name resolution failure of an ANALYTIC WORKSPACE OBJECT.

    Action: Check the syntax of the limit map, check that the OLAP_TABLE function refers to a valid analytic workspace, and check that all analytic workspace objects within the limitmap actually exist within the analytic workspace.

ORA-36806 (XSTBLFUNC03) The OLAP_TABLE function refers to an invalid ADT attribute: string

    Cause: The limitmap refers to a matching of ADT attribute to AW object, but the ADT attribute is not an element of the specified ADT table. Most commonly this is a typographical error.

    Action: Add the attribute to the ADT, correct the LIMITMAP, or remove the reference from the LIMITMAP.

ORA-36902 (XSAGDNGL43) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, MODEL %p cannot be calculated dynamically because it contains simultaneous/step equations or equations which refer to variables.

    Cause: Model may include equations other than dimension values, or blocks other than simple blocks.

    Action: Make sure model only includes the simple blocks with dimension values.

ORA-36904 (XSAGDNGL44) %a workspace object workspace object In AGGMAP %p, RELATION %p occurs after a dynamic model. The dynamic model must be the last calculation within the AGGMAP.

    Cause: Before the current relation, dynamic model exists.

    Action: Make sure the dynamic model is the last statement.

ORA-36906 (XSAGDNGL45) %a workspace object workspace object AGGMAP %p, MODEL %p occurs after a dynamic model. The dynamic model must be the last calculation within the AGGMAP.

    Cause: Before the current model, the dynamic model exists.

    Action: Make sure the dynamic model as the last calculation statement, and only at most one dynamic model exists.

ORA-36950 (XSFCAST22) %a string number number The list of %p values cannot have more than %p members. You supplied %p.

    Cause: There are more than the maximum number of OFFSET or PERIODICITY values.

    Action: Remove some of the values.

ORA-36952 (XSFCAST23) You cannot specify a cycle number when querying the string forecasting option.

    Cause: A cycle number was specified in a call to FCQUERY to retrieve forecast data not related to a cycle.

    Action: Remove the cycle specification from the call to FCQUERY.

ORA-36954 (XSFCAST24) %a number number The cycle number must be between 1 and %p. You specified %p.

    Cause: A cycle number less than 1 or greater than the maximum value was specified in a call to FCQUERY.

    Action: Specify a number in the indicated range.

ORA-36956 (XSFCAST25) There are only number PERIODICITY values. You cannot specify more OFFSET values.

    Cause: More OFFSET values were specified than PERIODICITY values.

    Action: Supply only as many OFFSETs as there are PERIODICITY values.

ORA-36958 (XSFCAST26) %a number number number The OFFSET value for cycle %p cannot be greater than the cycle's PERIODICITY, which is %p. You specified %p.

    Cause: The OFFSET for a cycle exceeded the PERIODICITY for that cycle.

    Action: Supply an OFFSET less than or equal to the PERIODICITY for the corresponding cycle.

ORA-36960 (XSFCAST27) %a string number The value of the %p expression must be an odd number. You specified %p.

    Cause: An even number was given for an option that requires an odd number.

    Action: Supply an odd number or let the option default.
